{"doc":{"info":{"calaisRequestID":"93225e8c-34b1-a47f-146f-234566f3be10","id":"http://id.opencalais.com/Wz9mG621OPbYMvPSAfioSg","docId":"http://d.opencalais.com/dochash-1/01b9ee7d-0a90-3839-8367-95d0a967fd90","document":" ￼& Kay 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 1 -© THE ADOPTION PAPERS Q \n￼e- Kay 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 2 ■e © \n￼THE ADOPTION PAPERS Jackie Kay BISODAX6 BQ0K5 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 4 Copyright © Jackie Kay 1991 ISBN: 1 85224 156 X First published 1991 by Bloodaxe Books Ltd, P.O. Box 1SN, Newcastle upon Tyne NE99 1SN. Bloodaxe Books Ltd acknowledges the financial assistance of Northern Arts. LEGAL NOTICE All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form, or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without prior written permission from Bloodaxe Books Ltd. Requests to publish work from this book must be sent to Bloodaxe Books Ltd. ■e- Cover reproduction by V & H Reprographics, Newcastle upon Tyne. Printed in Great Britain by Billing & Sons Limited, Worcester. \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 5 -0- For my mother, Helen Kay e- e- 0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 6 * Acknowledgements A dramatisation of The Adoption Papers was broadcast in BBC Radio 3's Drama Now series in August 1990. Poems from this book have also been broadcast on The Bandung File (Channel Four), Wordworks (Tyne Tees Television), Time for Verse (BBC Radio 4), and on the Open University programme Literature in the Modern World (BBC 2). Some of these poems were included in a collection for which Jackie Kay won an Eric Gregory Award in 1991, and some in a pamphlet, That Distance Apart (Turret Books, 1991). Acknowledgements are also due to the editors of the fol  lowing publications in which some of these poems first appeared: Beautiful Barbarians (Onlywomen Press, 1S0?, Bete Noire, The Black Scholar (USA), Chapman, City Limits, Cond  itions (USA), Critical Quarterly, Feminist Review, The New British Poetry (Paladin, 198$), New Women Poets (Bloodaxe Books, 1990), Poetry Review, Poetry Wales, Tht KMFT, Spare Rib, Sunk Island Review, Ti (Pi) International Poetry Review, and Woodworks (Bloodaxe Books, 1991). ( The cover photograph is reproduced by kind permission o CNRI/Science Photo Library. It shows a false-colour light mic  rograph of human chromosomes, obtained by amniocentesis. Also fa M o 3 t f a i 1 / 0 l l g i S U l V> a M ( A d a s iIftuk* 4\" Plus fcxIPi O Mgfc cM *? f\\ i n (ryaiKWmwHKWj/ 2 I4|V ) (a. \n￼Acknowledgements (extra Paragraph.) I'd also like to thank Kathryn Perry, Wendy Young, Fred D'Aguiar, Carol Ann Duffy, Audre Lorde, Frances Anne Soloman, Helen and John Kay for their encouragement and criticism. And a special thank you to Louise Roscoe for her fine ear and sharp eye. \n￼Contents THE ADOPTION PAPERS Part One: 1961-1962 Iz CHAPTER i :The Seed 14 chapter 2: The Original Birth Certificate jt> chapter3:TheWaitingLists |°\\ chapter4:BabyLazarus 22 chapter5:TheTweedHatDream Part Two: 1967-1979 2M CHAPTER6:TheTellingPart 27 CHAPTER7:BlackBottom } / yG Part Three: 1980-1990 c h a p t e r 8: G e n e r a t i o n s CHAPTER 9: The Phone Call chapter 10:TheMeetingDream SEVERE GALE 8 HO H U-S-My G randm other's Houses \u2018- ^ S u m m e r S t o r m , C a p o l o n a Severe Gale 8 It used to excite me even M S^The PerfectRose 9-^ Pounding Rain 5C> In the Seventh Year S ( Photo in the Locket S S Dance of the Cherry Blossom V7He Told Us He Wanted a Black Coffin ST^ Lighthouse Wall CO One Foot on the Dashboard G I jam jar 02- Mummy and Donor and Deirdre <o4 The Day Anna Went Close Shave \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 8 £7 G7 7 0 ~~l| ~>i Dressing Up Bed from the W indow I try m y absolute best Death to Poll Tax Whilst Leila Sleeps The Underground Baby Case \n￼© Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 9 THE ADOPTION PAPERS \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:24 pm Page 10 ©■ ■e- \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 11 I always wanted to give birth do that incredible natural thing that women do - I nearly broke down when I heard we couldn\u2019t- and then my man said well there\u2019s always adoption (we didn\u2019t have test tubes and the rest then) even in the early sixties there was something scandalous about adopting) telling the world your secret failure bringing up an alien child who knew what it would turn out to be I was pulled out with forceps left a gash down my left cheek four m onths inside a glass cot butyshe came faithful from Glasgow to Edinburgh and peered through the glass I must have felt somebody willing me to survive; she would not pick another baby I still have the baby photograph I keep it in my bottom drawer She is twenty-six today my hair is grey The skin around my neck is wrinkling does she imagine me this way e 11 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 12 PART ONE: 1961-1962 Chapter 1: The Seed I never thought it would be quicker than walking down the mainstreet I want to stand in front of the mirror swollen bellied so swollen bellied The time, the exact time for that particular seed to be singled out I want to lie on my back at night I want to pee all the time amongst all others like choosing a dancing partner I crave discomfort like some women crave chocolate or earth or liver t Now these slow weeks on I can\u2019t stop going over and over I can\u2019t believe I\u2019ve tried for five years for something that could take five minutes It only took a split second not a minute or more , I want the pain the tearing searing pain I want my waters to break like Noah\u2019s flood 12 e \n￼0 0 Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 13 0 I want to push and push and scream and scream , When I was sure I wrote a short note six weeks later - a short letter He was sorry; we should have known better He couldn\u2019t leave Nigeria, I missed him, silly things; his sudden high laugh His eyes intense as whirlwind the music he played me 13 \n￼e- Chapter 2: The Original Birth Certificate I say to the man at the desk I'd like my original birth certificate Do you have any idea what your name was? Close, close he laughs. Well what was it? So slow as torture he discloses bit by bit my mother's name, my original name the hospital I was born in, the time I cam e. Outside Edinburgh is soaked in sunshine I talk to myself walking past the castle, So, so, so, I was a midnight baby after all. I am nineteen my whole life is changing On the first night I see her shuttered eyes in my dreams I cannot pretend she\u2019s never been my stitches pull and threaten to snap my own body a witness leaking blood to sheets, milk to shirts. On the second night I\u2019ll suffocate her with a feather pillow Bury her under a weeping willow Or take her far out to sea and watch her tiny eight-pound body sink to shells and reshape herself % 14 Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 14 -e- \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 15 §o much the better than her body ■incased in glass like a museum piece. On the third night I toss I did not go through these months for you to die on me now/ on the third night I lie willing life into her breathing air all the way down the corridor to the glass cot I push my nipples through 15 -9 \n￼e- Chapter 3: The Waiting Lists The first agency we went to didn\u2019t want us on their lists we didn\u2019t live close enough to a church nor were we church-goers (though we kept quiet about being communists), The second told us we weren\u2019t high enough earners, The third liked us but they had a five-year waiting list. I spent six months trying not to look at swings nor the front of supermarket trolleys^ not to think this kid I\u2019ve wanted could be five, The fourth agency was full up. The fifth said yes but again no babies. Just as we were going out the door I said oh you know we don\u2019t mind the colour. Just like that, the waiting was over. This morning a slim manilla envelope arrives postm arked Edinburgh: one piece of paper I have now been able to look up your microfiche (as this is all the records kept nowadays), From your mother's letters, the following information Your mother was nineteen when she had you. You weighed eight pounds four ounces. She liked hockey. She worked in Aberdeen as a waitress. She was five foot eight inches. I thought I\u2019d hid everything that there wasnie wan giveaway sign left I put Marx Engels Lenin (no Trotsky) in the airing cupboard - she\u2019ll no be checking out the towels surely 16 Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 16 \n￼All the copies of the Daily Worker I shoved under the sofa the dove of peace I took down from the loo A poster of Paul Robeson saying give him his passport I took down from the kitchen I left a bust of Burns my detective stories and the Complete Works of Shelley She comes at I 1.30 exactly. I pour her coffee from my new Hungarian set And foolishly pray she willnae ask its origins - honestly this baby is going to my head , She crosses her legs on the sofa I fancy I hear the Daily Workers rustle underneath her Well she says, you have an interesting home She sees my eyebrows rise, It\u2019s different she qualifies . Hell and I\u2019ve spent all morning trying to look ordinary - a lovely home for the baby, She buttons her coat all smiles I\u2019m thinking I\u2019m on the home run But just as we get to the last post her eye catches at the same times as mine a red ribbon with twenty world peace badges \n￼0 Kay 28/7/91 9:27 pm Page 18 Clear as a hammer and sickle on the wall, Oh^she says are you against nuclear weapons? To Hell with this. Baby or no baby. Yes I says. Yes yes yes. I\u2019d like this baby to live in a nuclear free world. Oh. Her eyes light up. I\u2019m all for peace myself she says. and sits down for another cup of coffee , 18 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:27 pm Page 19 Chapter 4: Baby Lazarus Land moves like driven cattle. My eyes snatch pieces of news headlines strung out on a line: MOTHER DROWNS BABY IN THE CLYDE November The social worker phoned > our baby is a girl but not healthy she won\u2019t pass the doctors test until she\u2019s well. The adoption papers can\u2019t be signed. I put the phone down. I felt all hot Don\u2019t get overwrought. What does she expect? I\u2019m not a mother until I\u2019ve signed that piece of paper. The rhythm of the train carries me over the frigid earth the constant chug a comforter a rocking cradle. Maybe the words lie across my forehead headline in thin ink MOTHER GIVES BABY AWAY December We drove through to Edinburgh) I was that excited the forty miles seemed a lifetime. What do you think she\u2019ll look like? I don\u2019t know my man says. I could tell he was as nervous as me. On the way back his face was one long smile even although he didn\u2019t get inside. Only me. e 19 \n￼and buried the clothes I\u2019d bought anyway. A week later I stood at my window and saw the ground move and swell the promise of a crop, that\u2019s when she started crying. I gave her a service thenjsang Ye banks and braes, planted a bush ofroses, read the Book ofJob) cursed myself digging a pit for my baby sprinkling ash from the grate. Late that same night she came in by the window- my baby Lazarus and suckled at my breast. \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:28 pm Page 22 Chapter 5: The Tweed Hat Dream Today I ring the counselling agency in Edinburgh. Can you start to trace through marriage certificates? It will take three weeks what do you expect from i t « If she wants to meet me that's fine if she doesn't that is also fine This morning the counselling woman rings she's found someone who might be her she's not sure; do I know my grandmother's name? Pity. She'll be in touch, not sure when. Her mother just turns up at the door with a tweed hat on. I thinks she doesn\u2019t suit tweed, she\u2019s too young. In all these months I\u2019ve never put a face to her that looks like my daughter - so picture me when I see those lips. She looks a dead spit except of course she\u2019s white; lightning white. She says in her soft Highland voice can you let me see her? Can you? What could I do? She comes in swift as wind in a storm, rushes up the stairs as if she knows the house already; picks up my baby and strokes her cheeks endlessly till I get tired and say,I\u2019ll be downstairs. I put the kettle on, maybe hot tea will redden those white cheeksj arrange a plate of biscuits which keep sliding onto the floor. She\u2019s been up there helluva long, I don\u2019t know where the thought comes from but suddenly I\u2019m pounding the stairs like thunder. Her tweed hat is in the cot That is all. 22 -0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:28 pm Page 23 That night I turn it through till dawn a few genes, blood, a birth, All this bother, certificates, papers, It is all so long ago. Does it matter? Now I come from her, the mother who stole my milk teeth ate the digestive left for Santa e- -© O 23 \n￼PART TWO: 1967-1971 Chapter 6: The Telling Part Ma mammy bot me oot a shop Ma mammy says I was a luvly baby Ma mammy picked me (I wiz the best) your mammy had to take you (she'd no choice) Ma mammy says she's no really ma mammy (just kid on) It\u2019s a bit like a part you\u2019ve rehearsed so well you can\u2019t play it on the opening night She says my real mammy is away far away Mammy why aren\u2019t you and me the same colour But I love my mammy whether she's real or no My heart started rat tat tat like a tin drum all the words took off to another planet Why But I love ma mammy whether she's real or no I could hear the upset in her voice I says I\u2019m not your real mother, though Christ knows why I said that j If I\u2019m not who is, but all my planned speech went out the window She took me when I'd nowhere to go my mammy is the best mammy in the world OK , \n￼After mammy telt me she wisnae my real mammy I was scared to death she was gonnie melt or something or mibbe disappear in the dead of night and somebody would say she wis a fairy godmother. So the next morning I felt her skin to check it was flesh, but mibbe it was just a good imitation. How could I tell if my mammy was a dummy with a voice spoken by someone else? So I searches the whole house for clues but I never found nothing. Anyhow a day after I got my guinea pig and forgot all about it. I always believed in the telling anyhow. You can\u2019t keep something like that secret. I wanted her to think of her other mother out there ^thinking that child I had will be seven today eight today all the way up to god knows when. I told my daughter - I bet vour mother\u2019s never missed your birthday, Mammy's face is cherries. She is stirring the big pot of mutton soup singing I gave my love a cherry it had no stone, I am up to her apron, I jump onto her feet and grab her legs like a huge pair of trousers ^ she walks round the kitchen lifting me u p . Suddenly I fall off her feet, And mammy falls to the floor, She won't stop the song 1gave my love a chicken it had no bone, I run next door for help. When me and Uncle Alec come back Mammy's skin is toffee stuck to the floor. And her bones are all scattered like toys, \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:29 pm Page 26 Now when people say \u2018ah but it\u2019s not like having your own child though is it\u2019# I say of course it is, what else is it ? she\u2019s my child, I have told her stories wept at her losses, laughed at her pleasures, she is mine. I was always the first to hear her in the night all this umbilical knot business is nonsense - the men can afford deeper sleeps that\u2019s all. I listened to hear her talk* and when she did I heard my voice under hers and now some of her mannerisms crack me up Me and my best pal don't have Donny Osmond or David Cassidy on our walls and we don't wear Starsky and Hutch jumpers either. Round at her house we put on the old record player and mime to Pearl Bailey Tired of the life I lead tired of the blues I breed and Bessie Smith I can't do without my kitchen man. Then we practise ballroom dancing giggling everyone thinks we're dead old-fashioned. 26 -0- \n￼^ Chapter 7: Black Bottom Maybe that\u2019s why I don\u2019t like all this talk about her being black I brought her up as my own as I would any other child colour matters to the nutters* but she says my daughter says it matters to her I suppose there would have been things I couldn\u2019t understand with any child we knew she was coloured . 'they told us they had no babies at first and I chanced it didn\u2019t matter what colour it was and they said oh well are you sure in that case we have a baby for you ~ to think she wasn\u2019t even thought of as a baby; my baby, my baby I chase his Sambo Sambo all the way from the school gate. A fistful of anorak - What did you call me? Say that again . Sam-bo. He plays the word like a bouncing ball but his eyes move fast as ping pong, I shove him up against the wall} ,8ay that again you wee shite. Sambo, sambo, he's crying now I knee him in the balls. What was that? My fist is steel; I punch and punch his gut. Sorry I didn't hear you? His tears drip like wax. Nothing he heaves I didn't say nothing. I let him go. He is a rat running. He turns and shouts Dirty Darkie I chase him again. Blonde hairs in my hand. Excuse me! This teacher from primary 7stops us, Names? I'll report you to the headmaster tomorrow. But Miss. Save it for Mr Thompson she says (0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 28 My teacher's face cracks into a thin smile Her long nails scratch the note well well I see you were fighting yesterday^again, In a few years time you'll be a juvenile delinquent \u2022 Do you know what that is? Look it up in the dictionary. She spells each letter with slow pleasure. Read it out to the class. Thug. Vandal. Hooligan. Speak up. Have you lost your tongue? To be honest I hardly ever think about it except if something happens, you know daft talk about darkies. Racialism. Mothers ringing my bell with their kids crying You tell. You tell. You tell. - No. You tell your little girl to stop calling my little girl names and I\u2019ll tell my little girl to stop giving your little girl a doing. W e're practising for the school show I'm trying to do the Cha Cha and the Black Bottom but I can't get the steps right my right foot's left and my left foot's right my teacher shouts from the bottom of the class Come on, show us what you can do I thought you people had it in your blood. My skin is hot as burning coal like that time she said Darkies are like coal in front of the whole class - my blood what does she mean? I thought she'd stopped all that after the last time m y dad talked to her on parents' night the other kids are all right till she starts; my feet step out of time, my heart starts to miss beats like when I can't sleep at night \u2014 What Is In M y Blood? The bell rings, it is time. 28 e \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 29 Sometimes it is hard to know what to say that will comfort. Us two in the armchair; me holding her breath, \u2018they\u2019re ignorant let\u2019s have some tea and cake, forget them\u2019. Maybe it's really Bette Davis I want to be the good twin or even better the bad one or a nanny who drowns a baby in a bath ( I'm not sure maybe I'd prefer Katharine Hepburn tossing my red hair, having a hot temper. I says to my teacher Can't I be Elizabeth Taylor, drunk and fat and she just laughed, not much chance of that. I went for an audition for The Prune ofMiss Jean Brodie. I didn't get a part even thought I've been acting longer than Beverley Innes. So I have. Honest. Olubayo was the colour of peat when we walked out heads turned like horses, folk stood like trees their eyes fixed on us - it made me burn, that hot glare; my hand would sweat down to his bone, Finally, alone, we\u2019d melt nothing, nothing would matter He never saw her. I looked for him in her; for a second it was as if he was there in that glass cot looking back through her. On my bedroom wall is a big poster of Angela Davis who is in prison right now for nothing at all except she wouldn't put up with stuff. My mum says she is only 26 which seems really old to me but my mum says it is young 29 \n￼e just imagine, she says, being on America's Ten Most Wanted People's List at 26! I can't. Angela Davis is the only female person I've seen (except for a nurse on TV) who looks like me. She had big hair like mine that grows out instead of down. My mum says it's called an Afro. If I could be as brave as her when I get older I'll be OK. Last night I kissed her goodnight again and wondered if she could feel the kisses in prison all the way from Scotland. Her skin is the same too you know. I can see my skin is that colour but most of the time I forgetj so sometimes when I look in the mirror I give myself a bit of a shock and say to myself Do you really look like this? as if I'm somebody else. I wonder if she does that. e I don't believe she killed anybody. It is all a load of phoney lies. My dad says it's a set up. I asked him if she'll get the electric chair like them Roseberries he was telling me about. No he says the world is on her side. Well how come she's in there then I thinks. I worry she's going to get the chair. I worry she's worrying about the chair. My dad says she'll be putting on a brave face. He brought me a badge home which I wore to school. It says FREE ANGELA DAVIS. And all my pals says 'Who's she?' 30 Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 30 e \n￼PART THREE: 1980-1990 Chapter 8: Generations The sun went out just like that almost as if it had never been; hard to imagine now the way it fell on treetops, thatched roofs, people\u2019s faces. Suddenly the trees lost their nerves and the grass passed the wind on blade to blade, fast as gossip* Years later, the voices still come close especially in dreams, not distant echoes loud - a pneumatic drill - deeper and deeper still. I lived the scandal, wore it casual as a summer\u2019s dress, Jesus sandals, -all but the softest whisper; she\u2019s lost an awful lot of weight. Now my secret is the hush of heavy curtains drawn. I dread strange handwriting sometimes jump when the phone rings> she is all of nineteen and legally able, At night I lie practising my lines but \u2018sorry\u2019never seems large enough nor \u2018I can\u2019t see you, yes, I\u2019ll send a photograph.\u2019 I was pulled out with forceps left a gash down my left cheek four months inside a glass cot but she came faithful from Glasgow to Edinburgh and peered through the glass she would not pick another baby. \n￼O ' I don't know what diseases come down my line^ when dentist and doctors ask the old blood questions about family runnings I tell them: I have no nose or mouth or eyes to match, no spitting image or dead cert, my face watches itself in the glass, I have my parents who are not of the same tree and you keep trying to make it matter, the blood, the tie, the passing down generations. We all have our contradictions^ the ones with the mother's nose and father's eyes have them \\ the blood does not bind confusion-, yet I confess to m y contradiction I want to know my blood. I know my blood. It is dark ruby red and comes regular and I use Lillets, G I know my blood when I cut my finger. I know what my blood looks like. It is the well, the womb, the fucking seed. Here, I am far away to wonder \u2014\u2022 what were their faces like who were my grandmothers what were the days like passed in Scotland the land I come from the soil in my blood. Put it this way: I know she thinks of me often when the light shows its face or the dark skulks behind hills; she conjures me up or Ijust appear Kay 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 32 32 O \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 33 e when I take the notion, my slippers are silent and I walk through doors. She\u2019s lying in bed; I wake her up a pinch on her cheek is enough-) >urs* 0_. \u201e_______________________jrmur you\u2019ll never really know your mother, I know who she thinks I am - she\u2019s made a blunder. She is faceless She has no nose She is five foot eight inches tall She likes hockey best She is twenty-six today She was a waitress My hair is grey She wears no particular dress The skin around my neck is wrinkling Does she imagine me this way ? Lately I make pictures of her But I can see the smallness She is tall and slim of her hands, Yes Her hair is loose curls an opal stone on her middle finger I reach out to catch her Does she talk broad Glasgow ? But no matter how fast Maybe they moved years ago I run after She is faceless, she never weeps. She has neither eyes nor fine boned cheeks Once would be enough-) just to listen to her voice watch the way she moves her hands when she talks. 33 \n￼e Chapter 9: The Phone Call I have had my grandmother's Highland number Tor four months now burning a hole in my filofax, Something this morning gives me courage to close the kitchen door and dial, My grandmother's voice sounds much younger 'I used to work ages ago with your daughter Elizabeth, do you have her present address?' Sorry, she says, Nojbut one of the girls will have it. She gives me another Highland number wishingmeluck. Whatdidyousayyournamewas? Thirty minutes later my mother's sister asks lots of questions - Where did you work? How long ago was that? What age are you? Forty I lie. For a minute I thought... But if you're forty, you can\u2019t be » I know she knows. The game's a bogey. Actually I'm 26.1thought so love. I thought it was you. Mam knew too. She just rang to warn me you\u2019d ring, How are you? How's your life been? I'll give her yours. She'll write. I'm sure you understand. I do. I do. 34 Kay 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 34 e \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 35 e Now she\u2019s gone. I get phone calls regularly. It\u2019s not that I think I\u2019m losing out but I\u2019ve surprised myself just the same; I\u2019ve had to stop myself saying, \u2018drop it, you\u2019ll get hurt\u2019. I do worry of course I do, but it\u2019s me that\u2019s hurt. Tonight I cried watching bloody Adam Carrington discover he\u2019s not a Carrington any more. Daft Getting myself into a tizzy. 00 35 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:32 pm Page 36 ^u Chapter 10: The Meeting Dream If I picture it like this it hurts less We are both shy though our eyes are not p they pierce below skin , -we are not as we imagined ' I am smaller,fatter;darker I am taller .thinner and I'd always imagined her hair dark brown not grey. I can see my chin in hers that is all, though no doubt my mum will say, when she looks at the photo, she\u2019s your double she really is. There is no sentiment in this living-room; a plain wood table and a few books » we don't cuddle or even shake hands though we smile sudden as a fire blazing then die down i .,her hands play with her wedding-ring-. I've started smoking again. We don't ask big questions even later by the shore, Ob .we walk slow, tentative as crabs» y no, so what have you been doing the past 26 years. just what are you working at, stuff like that. e0* Ages later I pick up a speckled stone and hurl it into the sea, is this how you imagined it to be ? I never imagined i t . Oh. I hear the muffled splash , It would have driven me mad imagining-> 26 years is a long time. 36 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:32 pm Page 37 -0 Inside once more I sip hot tea notice one wood-framed photo, VO the air is as old as the sea, 1stare at her chin till she makes me look down , VL .her hands are awkward as rocks , 0C my eyes are stones washed over and over , If I picture it like this it hurts less One dream cuts another open like a gutted fish nothing is what it was * she is too many imaginings to be flesh and blood, There is nothing left to say. Neither of us mentions meeting again, When I\u2019m by myself watching the box it\u2019s surprising how often it crops up; that he or she didn\u2019t know anything about it and now who is he or she really do they love who they thought they loved et cetera. You\u2019ve got the picture. Mine knew. As soon as possible I always told her, if you ever want to, I won\u2019t mind. I wasn\u2019t trying to be big about it - if that was me, that\u2019s how I\u2019d be. Curiosity. It\u2019s natural. Origins. That kind of thing. See me and her there is no mother and daughter more similar. W e \u2019re on the wavelength so we are. Right away I know if she\u2019s upset. And vice versa. Closer than bloodj Thicker than water. Me and my daughter. I wrapped up well and went out before The birds began their ritual blether I wrapped her up in purple wrapping paper And threw her down the old well near here. 37 ■0 \n￼O- Kay 28/7/91 9:32 pm Page 38 There was no sound, it\u2019s no longer In use - years - she\u2019s been in my drawer Faded now, she\u2019s not a baby any more Still pitch dark. It didn\u2019t matter. I know every bend. I\u2019ve no more terror. Going home,the light spilled like water, Her sister said she'd write me a letter, In the morning I'm awake with the birds waiting for the crash of the letter box then the soft thud of words on the matt, I lie there, duvet round my shoulders fantasising the colour of her paper whether she'll underline First Class or have a large circle over her 'Vs. \\ 38 \n￼& \\ SEVERE GALE 8 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 9:05 pm Page 40 Severe Gale 8 NHS There was no bread; he painted the sky in oils - the clouds flushed with his passion the trees sang like it was going out of fashion and the wind waltzed with Matilda , They had reached that decade in Britain \u2014 people lined up against the walls; mouths wide open, gold fillings pinched. Those still breathing air and not on BUPA were charged 10 new pence for three minutes. Those with sick children and not on BUPA had to make their own tiny umbrellas for the holes in their hearts^ or wait perhaps one year in the same white corridor )- for that rare breed a doctor who was by now almost a dinosaur , ££££ There was no bread so she told a story until the story told another story until all the People gathered eating fiction like hot French bread, melted butter. This was the decade when people were given ansamachines for falling into debt > when between them they owed £47 billion, tankers sat counting the numbers all this gold from plastic \u2014 They sang their tune at the Stock Exchange . It went Tra la la la la la laughing , 40 \n￼One day when the wind was waltzing so fast it stole people's hats and punched dustbins in the gut the people gathered to burn their plastic, sthe smell was so strong it made them collectively faint A smart dressed man from Natwest and another from the Midland arrived with masks and put new pieces of plastic in their pockets whilst they slept , Cardboard There was no bread; she collected jet and shaped seagulls, butterflies, orchids people wore round their necks or in ears which heard her music her fantasy in C. This was the decade when most lived in cardboard cities and towns except those with two massive stone houses. It had come to this when Poll Tax arrived that winter of the second hurricane. sweeping the roofs of their old houses off forcing mothers to first throw their children out into the wind and watch them rise over the odd remaining tree, past the tower block. The Pound There was no bread; she made a sculpture using the metal of the cars, the blood of the dead the odd relic of a brick from a house some teeth that had been missed by the Snatchers. This was the decade when every cardboard city was so jam-packed that strangers recognised each other's smells , That winter all of the cars were taken by the huge metal lobster and laid \n￼Kay 30/7/91 9:06 pm Page 42 UC out like bodies in a graveyard. The money owed at the pound mounted a tenner a day on top of the 75. Some people owed thousands. Some sat in their cars and died listening to Black Box Remix or Desert Island Discs. The Third Hurricane The wind was revolutionary ; ducks and gulls and Canadian geese levitated to catch flying pieces of bread. ^mall children flew higher than hawks; -\u2019Their fat little bodies buffeted by Galeforce 8 moving along at 95 mph , Adults stood rooted like the trees used to be; their arms waving in the wind. The children flew to Nicaragua Libre to the Soviet Unionjto South Africa just in time to see a'man who no longer looked like his picture get released) after 27 years they sang the anthem they learned on the way there . They brought him a turtle dove and took their leave , When they returned the wind stopped and they landed soft as feathers \u2014 some people were dead, the rest were marching all the way down to all the,^way down to la la la la laughing. 42 e \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:52 pm Page 43 e It used to excite me even standing at my bedroom window, breath on the glass the dark arms of the cherry blossom gesticulating madly; roofs like hats blown off,- best, the school one next morning. Candles at home, toast from the coal fire, Nightime again and that soft hysterical laughter her and her mates gathering for another party} standing at my bedroom window, breath on tlie glass. Now it steals my sleep and whispers warnings} finally when I do fall off there's glass flying. Next morning - wooden corpses on the street, The world is all strange and unbelievable. I tiptoe over the devastation to buy some milk. The kettle whistles as I lipread global warming j I imagine a person with 90 degree burns all over. The hot tea starts to brew its own storm. I can't scream. ee 43 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:53 pm Page 44 My Grandmother's Houses She is on the second floor of a tenement, From her front room window you see the cemetery. Her bedroom is my favourite: newspapers dating back to the War covering every present she's ever got since the War. What's the point in buying her anything my mother moans. Does she use it. Does she even look at it. I spend hours unwrapping and wrapping endless tablecloths, napkins, perfume, bath salts, stories of things I can't understand, words like conscientious objector. At night I climb over all the newspaper parcels to get to bed- harder than the school's obstacle course. High up in her bed all the print merges together. When she gets the letter she is hopping m ad, What does she want with anything modern; L\\s .AFshiny new pin? Here is home, \\)t\" e sideboard solid as a coffin* ; newsagents next door which sells hazelnut toffees and her Daily Record, Chewing for ages over the front page^ her toffees sticking to her false teeth. 2 The new house is called a high rise, I play in the lift all the way up to 24, Once I get stuck for a whole hour. From her window you see noisy kids playing hopscotch or home. She makes endless pots of vegetable soup, a big bit of hoch floating inside like a fish Till finally she gets to like the hot running water in her own bathroom the wall-to-wall foam-backed carpet the parcels locked in her air-raid shelter, 44 e \n￼But she still doesn't settle downj even at 70 she cleans people's houses for ten bob and goes to church on Sundays; dragging me along to the strange place where the air is trapped and ghosts sit at the altar. My parents do not believe. It is down to her. A couple of prayers. A hym n or two. Threepenny bit in the collection hat. A flock of women in coats and fussy hats flapping over me like missionaries, and that is that; until the next time God grabs me in Glasgow with Gran. 3 By the time I am seven we are almost the same height. She still walks faster, rushing me down the High Street till we get to her cleaning house. The hall is huge. Rooms lead off like an octopus's arms. I sit in a room with a grand piano, top open - a one-winged creature, whilst my gran polishes for hours. Finally bored I start to pick some notes oh can you wash a sailor's shirt oh can you wash and clean till my gran comes running, duster in hand \u2022 I told you don't touch anything. The woman comes too; the posh one all smiles that make goosepimples run up my arms. Would you like to sing me a song? Someone's crying my Lord Kumbaya. Lovely, she says, beautiful child, skin the colour of cafe au lait. ' Cafe oh what? Hope she's not being any bother, \u2019 Not at all. Not at all. You just get back to your work. On the way back to her high rise I see her like the hunchback of Notre Dame. Everytime I crouch over a comic she slaps me. Sit up straight. She is on the ground floor of a high rise, From her living-room you see ambulances; screaming their way to the Royal Infirmary, \n￼Summer Storm, Capolona I choose to ignore my instinct for the sky's warning - the way each light flicks out the strange smell in the air, a herbal brew j you are crying to go out and the four walls of the villa are coming in like a fast tide. The poppies in the wheat have darkened to dried blood; the air sharpens itself, a scythe} you are giggling inside your window hood when the first raindrops fall like cherries; this is our last chance to see the grape vines, |omorrow we will be up in the air. I walk faster. Strangers watch from square/ windows. Am I crazy? Laughter like lightning. The poppies in the wheat, whirling, twirling to the tribal drum roll up there. I start to run; hands tight on the buggy. The cherries have turned into stones , I am being punished in that old public way. I curse myself, count in my head ask each tree I chase to save us. Didn't somebody say more people die of lightning than aeroplane crashes. Never hide under a tree. It might never pass. A man peers down from a farmhouse on a hill. Bambino? He shouts Venga venga, are you mad? Inside the poverty is one fish multiplied. We are offered madeira cake meant for special and strong coffee for me.You pull the stubble on the old man's face. The woman irons shirts that have been washed a million times. \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 47 I have about ten Italian words. That is your son. He was drowned. Five years ago? I don't know how to say I'm sorry. You ask me where my husband is. I tell you I haven't got one. You indicate pity. We are safe in a small madeira cake house. Through the window, light rises like Lazarus. The rain is soft and harmless once agaim yvi yMagic. We walk out, after you say Ciaou ten times, with their umbrella just in case. They both stand waving. Come back when the bambino is - they slice the air higher and higher. Yes I say, but I am coming back much sooner with an umbrella and another madeira cake. O 47 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 48 The Perfect Rose It is summer for today anyway? birds flirt in bright blue sheets all the trees are lit up from inside; the roses are out much too early, You take this rare fresh air hang out stripes and squares, your daughter's and yours. As you reach up to the line I see because it is summer and your arms are bare_> two long slashes down your wrists like bindweed round a rosebush , e 48 \n￼Pounding Rain News of us spreads like a storm , The top of our town to the bottom . We stand behind curtains parted like hoods; watch each other's eyes, We talk of moving to the west end, this bit has always been a shoe box tied with string; but then again your father still lives in that house where we warmed up spaghetti bolognese in lunch hours and danced to Louis Armstrong; his gramophone loud as our two heart beats going boom diddy boom diddy boom. Did you know then? I started dating Davyj l/J A'Vlhen i bumped into you I'd just say Hi. I tucked his photo booth smile into my satchel brought him out for my pals in the intervals. A while later I heard you married Trevor Campbell. Each night I walked into the school dinner hall stark naked}till I woke to Miss, Miss Miss every m inute. Then, I bum ped into you at the Cross. You haven't changed you said; that reassurance. Nor you; your laugh still crosses the street, I trace you back, beaming, till - Why don't you come round, Trevor would love it. He wasn't in. I don't know how it happened. We didn't bother with a string of do you remembers, I ran my fingers through the beads in your hair. Your hair's nice I said stupidly, nice, suits you. We sat and stared till our eyes filled like a glass of wine. I did it, the thing I'd dreamt a million times. I undressed you slowly, each item of clothing fell with a sigh. I stroked your silk skin until we were back in the Campsies, running down the hills in the pounding rain > screaming and laughing; soaked right through. \n￼O- Kay 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 50 In the Seventh Year (for Louise) Our sea is still mysterious as morning mist its flapping arms stretched out for dry sand its running heels sliding over pebbles when the sun dives in at night We are turquoise and clear some days still as breeze; others stormy like stones you are in deep stroking my bones my love an ache, the early light spreading the water seven years seven years I repeat over and over clasping this timeless, this changing thing. 50 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 51 Photo in the Locket (for Louise) I There are things I don't tell her private things, a garnet necklace slipped between black silk and cotton. My new friend gives me/an African name writes letters often; once she sent one with a spicy bun, a can of black grape and an old photo of her and her sister - two black girls side by side in identical white lace dresses, big bows on their nappy (a word I've just learnt) hair and ankle socks. So clean. Black people are hot on hygiene. White people sleep with cats and dogs. I don't talk about these things. M y past is locked in a travelling trunk. Inside: Sabena, my nanny, my mother her long black fingers shine like reefs lit by moonlight; my house; the swimming pool; my old white public school, lfm ashamed. I didn't think much t Sometimes I see the black man's face \"at the window, coming to get us. My mother is white. My father is white. My lover is white. At night we lie like spoons breathing the same cold air inside the room with two outside walls. We snuggle under blankets, sometimes turn in unison our bodies all mixed up. We can only meet here in bed \u2014 my fingers inside her high tide, she making a rivulet run through me in a rush, a gush till we are both beached up. ■e- 51 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:55 pm Page 52 When my family first met her they thought I was undoing my past through her. It's not like that. I love her. Not like I loved Sabena. I love lying next to her the dark of her skin, the pale of mine. Sometimes I want to tell heri if you knew what it was really like: servants living in corrugated huts outside no electricity, no running water you wouldn't be lying here kissing my breasts. I keep it hidden. Locked - a photo inside a locket that never opens In the morning I wake before you the pale winter light peeps through our skin; side by side, in sharp relief. Something I've been reading in Midnight Birds makes me feel like Judas; I get up make toast and tea. I am five years old again looking out this kitchen window. Somebody turns the palm of my hand up and asks why it isn't black. Is your bottom black someone sniggers. Then they all laugh. I put loose leaves in the tea-pot. Let them brew. Last night we talked into the small hours again. You said they used to call you specky. The toast burns. I pull it out furious. It is not the same. It is not the same. I don't want to play it out on you. You get up for breakfast: 'I'm always making the fucking toast', before you rub the sleep out of your eyes. Yesterday I said a terrible thing. M y tongue is full of old ideas. Sometimes they slipjMtf like falling rocks. 52 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:55 pm Page 53 Warning. Landslide. I can't repeat it. She'll repeat it for me. Often. So that 1 don't forget. This is the nightmare: the soft laughter then this sudden storm. I don't know where we go wrong. I am all that. True. I lived it. Now I live with her. Together. Not as servant and Madam. No. Not like that, I don't believe her. As lovers, as lovers, as lovers. Words chase me like bullets overhead. Kaffir. Wog. Kaffir. Wog. Between tight teeth I whisper,secretly* I hug say sorry let's go back to bed. W e're too young. This is too heavy. I'd like to stop seeing white like whitewash on hospital walls like a blank projection screen; black like onyx stones or moist earth, What am I doing with you if all I want is to make you eat shit for your ancestors? It's better for her now down here in London. Yet still with her friends I shake a little when I'm pouring tea. Waiting for discovery. They disapprove I'm sure of the two of us together. A t clubs we separate for the evening, come back together in bed much later^ where no eyes watch like marbles. Tonight while she sleeps I lie thinking of home. I miss the land. The red dust roads, 4he jacaranda tree, picking ripe avocados . 'or mangoes. I miss the words!the whole tutti. I don't talk of this. Even memories lead to trouble. Especially memories. -0- 53 \n￼d M Which school. What house. Which friend. We were brought up on different worlds: she on mince and potatoes\\ Drizzkj fridges; me on mealies, thunderstorms, chongalolas. II Now I tell you almost everything. Something shifted like sand a while ago and the sea thrashed out and in, carrying my secrets back with the eventide. And my tongue returned to the cave in my mouth. You tell me when you were wee you stood on a baby chick, squashed it) how you felt it for years underfoot. I tell you our rabbit Harvey was strangled and buried in our very own back garden. Now, some of your memories are mine. We move on. We don't forget. We change not like amoebas more like plants keeping the same stem. Now we are light years away. Sometime ago I opened my trunk and showed her a photo of Sabena. Then it all came out. M y strawberry dress. The school assembly. Hot rain on dust. Bit by bit we sat and picked till I laughed and cried like some huge waterfall - giggling and howling. Kay 30/7/91 8:55 pm Page 54 54 -e \n￼Dance of the Cherry Blossom Both of us are getting worse Neither knows who had it first He thinks I gave it to him I think he gave it to me Nights chasing clues where One memory runs into another like dye, Both of us are getting worse I know I'm wasting precious time But who did he meet between May 87 and March 89, I feel his breath on my back A slow climb into himself then o u t, In the morning it all seems different Neither knows who had it first We eat breakfast together - newspapers And silence except for the slow slurp of tea This companionship is better than anything He thinks I gave it to him. By lunchtime we're fighting over some petty tiling He tells me I've lost my sense of humour I tell him I'm not Glaswegian You all think death is a joke It's not funny. I'm dying for fuck's sake I think he gave it to m e, Just think he says it's every couple's dream I won't have to wait for you up there \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:56 pm Page 56 I'll have you night after night - your glorious legs Your strong hard belly, your kissable cheeks, I cry when he says things like that My shoulders cave in, my breathing trapped Do you think you have a corner on dying You self-pitying wretch, pathetic queen. He pushes me; we roll on the floor like whirlwind; When we are done in, our lips find each other We touch soft as breeze, caress the small parts Rocking back and forth, his arms become mine There's nothing outside but the noise of the wind The cherry blossom's dance through the night. 56 \n￼Lighthouse Wall ( f o f ) Somewhere beyond the thin lighthouse wall I can feel him pulling me; hard tug of a net. I can see his face, laughing and wetyising out of the waves, the cold Atlantic sea, that holiday. That was some holiday: sex maybe three, four times a day. He's urging me on - why wait, why bother hanging on My body is cold. I call my nurse all the time. I have a thing that I squeeze and it bleeps him. He has a nice little bottom. I'd love to pinch it. In the hours when I am lucid I am so aware of my body shrinking. I imagine I might just disappear into the white cotton. I hold onto the hands of friends. They start to merge together In the hours - what kind of hours would you call these? More like years, epochs, centuries one day and a split second blink if you miss it another day. I try and follow the clock on the wall. The little hand. The big hand. It's all pointless. I take my glasses off. I put my glasses on. On and off on and off off and the hands still the same tim e, Today I'm having a blood transfusion. I am cold. I ask the nurse for another blanket. He tells me I am warm. I don't argue anymore. I haven't got what? strength or time. I hate this though - self-pity: I wrap it round myself like a velvet cloak or mist from the sea; which sea would that be? The Black Sea. The Red Sea. The North Sea. I am running somewhere by the Baltic Sea; my body is strong and fit. There is a space I can fall intoj , There he is. His floral trunks. His forest legs. It is quiet. I am full of awe. I kiss the salt from his shoulders. He is rock hard. The long long stretch of white sand is empty. The wind whips. At last, I know this hand. \n￼He Told Us He Wanted a Black Coffin '^r ct NkM\\csW^ I phoned up the funeral director he said it would cost us a fortune so we bought an ordinary pine one painted it black matt like his furniture. It looked smashing. He went out like Charles Rennie Mackintosh - a single bunch of white lilies on top. None but Derek's flowers. These past few days I can't stop thinking how I wanted to take the abscess out of his five year old mouth and put it in mine; I wanted to fall off that wall in Greig Street; the day I swore at Mrs Calder for calling my son a poof in front of hers. I always knew from when he was thirteen and he cried when Gavin moved to Aberdeen. He wassalways that bit sensitive my boy so he wasxHe knew when H«drny period. He knew wnen I was oisSed off with the rest. His daddy neverkn^w a bloody thing. Couldn't copg^dSQn of his, I m ust haye^slept wrtk^the milkman. Not opce did he go to tmHiQspital He-tfame to the funeral. Ignored Derek. No morphine no morphine no morphine I want to be alive when I'm alive dead when I'm dead know what I mean. No first aid box to fetch, No oil of cloves, no germolene nothing, nothing - his hand in mine his thumb tap tapping my palm me saying you're all right son \n￼e Kay 30/7/91 8:56 pm Page 58 Everything is all messed up. The boy careening down the hill in the park his sledge a huge pair of wings, scarf flying. The man in my kitchen laughing at my bad jokes (who'll laugh now?) The man in the hospital bed the size of the boy; his face a person from Belsen. The song he sang at the school concert (what was it?) It doesn't seem that long ago. 58 e \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:57 pm Page 62 -e Mtimmy and Donor and Deirdre I went to school today. I wore my new trainers, laces undone. A nice boy called Tunde sat next to me. In the playground he gave me a Monster Munch; I gave him a bite of my apple. We both went with him to school. Took the day off. It was awful long. It7s happened so fast. All day the hands of the clock moved in secret. At last - his face at the gate. And then and then. ' He said my daddy is an underground m an, .jvhat is your daddyT said I don't have a daddy/ I have a mummy and a donor and a Deirdre. Deirdre has hair the colour of that tree. She helps people with no money. I don't think we'll both go to parents' night. I don't want things harder than they are. I want to protect him from the names and stones. I'd love it all to be different - Deirdre and me in the PTA. Us on school holidays. No big deal. Tunde said Do you know who your daddy is.' I said yes he's a friend of a friend of mummy's. He has curly hair. He looks after animals. I've got a picture. Come home and I'll show you. We can play blockblusters. Don't you dare go away. I was awful lucky. Third time with the syringe. I didn't want Deirdre to do it with me. I made myself all cosy. Lit a candle. Had a body shop bath. Glass of Aqua Libre. Wine's bad with sperm apparently. 62 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:57 pm Page 63 I told Tunde some kids come from their daddys using the penis; others from their mummys using frozen sperm; others because their m um m ys get the seed put it in a syringe and put it in the vagina. I wiped the tears from his face. I kept saying don't cry, never mind. Tunde won't play with him any more. Are they dirty words, he asks me. What am I supposed to say? Tell me. Today Tunde and I said we won't tell anybody else what we tell each other. It will all be secret.I gave him a chocolate. He gave me a Monster Munch. Tunde has the same thing to eat everyday. e- ■e O 63 \n￼e- Close Shave The only time I forget is down the pit right down in the belly of itf my lamp shining like a third eye, my breath short and fast like my wife's when she's knitting. Snip snap. I've tried to tell her as many times as I've been down this mine. I can't bring myself to, she'd tell our girls most probably. It doesn't bear thinking. Last night he shaved me again, Close. Such an act of trust, And he cut my hair; the scissors snip snipped all night as I lay beside Ella (Good job she's not that interested) I like watching him sweep it up. He holds the brush like a dancing partner, short steps; Fox trot: 4/4 tim e, I knew from the first time, he did too Our eyes met when he came to the bit above my lip. 6 years ago , we've only slept the night together twice * once when my wife's sister died once when Jjef brother-in-law committed suicide. She left our daughters behind that time. My nerves made me come too quick but I liked sleeping in his smooth arms till dawn. He was gone Before they woke, giggling round breakfast, He says nobody else can cut my curls. I laughed loud for the first time since God knows when. You're too vain man. We kissed; I like his beard on my skin; how can you be a barber with a beard Isaid^him;it'smydaughtersthatworryme, (course I can never tell they boys down the pit^ when I'm down here I work fast so it hurts , 66 Kay 30/7/91 8:58 pm Page 66 \\ ^ W & \n￼DressingUp (P'Of 'ToUj'^ My family's all so squalid I'm trying to put it behind me - real typical working class Scottish: Da beats Ma drinks it off, I couldn't stomach it, banging doors, turning ma music up top blast. I told ma ma years ago. She'd rather I murdered somebody than that. She w asn't joking either. Nobody gets hurt, it's not for the image even I'm just dead childish. Mascara I like, rouge} putting it on after powder, I love wearing lots of layers i Ma ma always dresses boring No frills. See at Christmas I had on black stockings Santa would kill for and even Quentin Crisp would look drab beside my beautiful feather boa - bright fucking red , Ma ma didn't touch her turkey, Finally she said What did I do} I know what they call you, transvite, tou lookabloodymessyoudo, She had a black eye, a navy dress. \n￼I try my absolute best I give my kids pure apple juice (no sugar less acid than orange) buy my baby soya milk formula now she's off the breast (non dairy, no cholesterol, good for their little hearts - apparently their arteries can harden before five even). Water from the purifier. Perrier if I'm feeling flushj (they can always pretend it's lemonade), Carob coated date bars. Cherry or banana. And there's a shop down the street that is selling organic vegetables (no sprays, no chemicals), Only to find the bloody English apples are being sprayed with alar and are carcinogenic; the soya beans are cooked in aluminium pots which gives off deposits in the brain; the cartridge in the purifier collects things (like knickers if they're not changed). Perrier's got Benzene in it which gives rats cancer. Though I personally don't know any rat that drinks Perrier, do you. And them so called Health Food Bars contain more sugar than the average Mars Bar. What's the use in calling anything organic when the bloody soil's chock-a-block with lead? I try my absolute best drink decaff coffee to pipe me down instead of hype me up only to find out from my eldest daughter that what they put the beans through is worse for you than an ordinary Nescafe. I'm back on Valium. My kids are stuffing Monster Munch and Mars Bars down them. \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:59 pm Page 70 My youngest son even ate a hamburger yesterday. It7s driving me crazy. I says it's your pocket money. Do what you want with it. \n￼Death to Poll Tax The doctor expects your mother to die sometime during the night. I am trying to get out at Piccadilly Circus A man says sorry the exits are all closed. Go back down. Leicester Square, the same thing happens. I start to make the noise the tube makes coming into the station. I imagine a fabulous fire, licking its long lips through the tunnels crossing the blue line into the red line into the black. The first thing, at Tottenham Court Road, is a long line of masked men, The second thing: a jagged star made from space where the window was; two Hitachi TVs face down on the street. The third thing is a man screaming DEATH TO POLL TAX - a policeman punching him every time he gets to Poll. Death to Poll THUD Tax. His voice is going like the sirens in the distance. The fourth thing: a man running, a child in each hand. Come on Come on Come on. Hurry up. I rush through the back streets. I have no map. When I do arrive at the Cous Cous House Kathryn is there: red lipstick, black silk top, neat bob. I apologise for being late. We eat falafel. You are in my kitchen waiting. What time I ask? Eight o'clock you say. Sooner than they thought. \n￼Kay 30/7/91 9:39 pm Page 72 Whilst Leila Sleeps I am moving in the dead of night packing things, turning out lights. My fingers tie knots like fish nets, I want to be in my mother's house but she is all the way over the other side of the world. Boxes; I can't see out of the back window. Leila is a bundle in her car seat. Her small mouth hanging open. Maybe it is not innocence after all it could be the sleep of oblivion. My headlights are paranoic eyes sweeping the streets for - what? A split second before they appeared I thought I was safe. What is that fear. Does it have a name. They want my name. Their smiles tighten my stomach. I bite on m y tongue, hard. Their faces. I have no witness. They take my licence, my papers. Now there is nothing left but to go with the men in plain suits. Leila stirs and opens her eyes wide. I try and say something to soothe. My voice is a house with the roof blown off. What do I tell my daughter - We are done for. There is a need to worry. I cannot lie to her. The night dreams m y terror; a slow light tails the fast car; Leila tugs at my coat. I whisper her cradle song and she holds on. 72 e \n￼The Underground Baby Case 1 There was a couple of things I wanted to remember I was in the underground on the Victoria Line, a mother and her bags of digestives, disposables disprin (possibly) got off, King's Cross buggy firstjthen shopping, then the doors closed. We were in like sardines. And I did a terrible thing. I picked up the little boy and held him to my chest. I picked up the little boy and held him to my chest. I said There there mummy's here. Don't you worry about a thing, A id then I started to sing the song sixpence, and the song diamond ring, Ali bali ali bali be ali bali ali bali be. Next stop. I didn't get off. The train flew like a plane. Nobody noticed. Nobody said anything. And he is a black boy a beautiful black boy skin like the sea at night his lips are a blueberry pie. 2 He is my boy now. My boy. In the m orning we eat porridge together, he drinks from the yellow cup I bought him. When we go out in the big old fashioned pram he pretends he is my washing, At night I make him stories out of things \n￼i \" ' I'm trying to remember » Little Red. Puff puff. King's Horses. Her with the dreadful long hair. 3 Today when Peter had fallen asleep in his little bed in my room, comfier than away in the manger-, I slipped out and bought a newspaper for the first time since the day his mother gave him to me really.she must have wanted me to have him - pernaps she planned it for weeks, following me about, picked me like you pick a disciple. 4 BABY KOFI MISSING 6 WEEKS A black and white photo. Is that how long it's been? I've kept the picture for Peter for when he's much older and will understand. I have not watched TV for fear she will appear, her long ropes of hair. 5 I would arrive at her house, I would take my basket of fruit. Inside: the empty plates at the table his toys scattered everywhere like memories. I would climb up her hair. And uncover her ear. I would whisper Peter, Peter is all right. Peter loves me. 74 Kay 30/7/91 9:16 pm Page 74 \n￼MM,. And ever so gently I'd climb down lock by lock, bone by bone; trying to put her together again, There was a couple of things I wanted to remember (must get nappies).I know I've forgotten the date my baby was bom only the day in autumn she died; in the black car on the 8th of October the windscreen wipers waved like drowning hands; the earth later, soft as a robin's breast; eating my tiny baby up. 7 There is somethingTcan't remember (must throw gut the yellow cup), #ut all I caii see is his black eyes jum ping like a baby blackbird's. ■ ' ","docTitle":"","docDate":"1991-07-28"},"meta":{"contentType":"text/raw","emVer":"7.1.1103.5","langIdVer":"DefaultLangId","processingVer":"CalaisJob01","submissionDate":"2014-07-01 09:54:14.767","submitterCode":"57b17a53-6e34-87b0-20ff-a419896f49c9","signature":"digestalg-1|LmzX/xxhQYVUhDeF7bP71aRU7QM=|E0jbrctcXSacknu4grRcm9AKKQI226P6cs8dA0E8zWnVE13Pmz5HTg==","language":"English"}},"http://d.opencalais.com/dochash-1/01b9ee7d-0a90-3839-8367-95d0a967fd90/cat/1":{"_typeGroup":"topics","category":"http://d.opencalais.com/cat/Calais/HumanInterest","classifierName":"Calais","categoryName":"Human Interest","score":0.5},"http://d.opencalais.com/dochash-1/01b9ee7d-0a90-3839-8367-95d0a967fd90/Message/1":{"_typeGroup":"messages","messagetype":"warning","messagecode":201,"text":"Doc timeout during pattern match in module mediaextensions_for_unifiedim, concept DateAndYearNumber, rule 0"},"http://d.opencalais.com/dochash-1/01b9ee7d-0a90-3839-8367-95d0a967fd90/lid/DefaultLangId":{"_typeGroup":"language","language":"http://d.opencalais.com/lid/DefaultLangId/English"},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/ab19169f-c627-3b0d-a286-b881af07c70b":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Engels Lenin","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Engels Lenin","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[wasnie wan giveaway sign left I put Marx Engels ]Lenin[ (no Trotsky) in the airing cupboard - she\u2019ll no]","prefix":"wasnie wan giveaway sign left I put Marx Engels ","exact":"Lenin","suffix":" (no Trotsky) in the airing cupboard - she\u2019ll no","offset":7933,"length":5},{"detection":"[the loo A poster of Paul Robeson saying give ]him[ his passport I took down from the kitchen I left]","prefix":"the loo A poster of Paul Robeson saying give ","exact":"him","suffix":" his passport I took down from the kitchen I left","offset":8193,"length":3},{"detection":"[ the loo A poster of Paul Robeson saying give him ]his[ passport I took down from the kitchen I left a]","prefix":" the loo A poster of Paul Robeson saying give him ","exact":"his","suffix":" passport I took down from the kitchen I left a","offset":8197,"length":3}],"relevance":0.302},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/09586092-a5ff-3005-948f-08ca7b133859":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Pearl Bailey Tired","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Pearl Bailey Tired","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[we put on the old record player and mime to ]Pearl Bailey Tired[ of the life I lead tired of the blues I breed]","prefix":"we put on the old record player and mime to ","exact":"Pearl Bailey Tired","suffix":" of the life I lead tired of the blues I breed","offset":15122,"length":18}],"relevance":0.287},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a5356286-cd42-3c3d-9452-ea5bc4c2b4ee":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Shelley She","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Shelley She","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[grey The skin around my neck is wrinkling does ]she[ imagine me this way e 11 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm]","prefix":"grey The skin around my neck is wrinkling does ","exact":"she","suffix":" imagine me this way e 11 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm","offset":4463,"length":3},{"detection":"[hockey. She worked in Aberdeen as a waitress. ]She[ was five foot eight inches. I thought I\u2019d hid]","prefix":"hockey. She worked in Aberdeen as a waitress. ","exact":"She","suffix":" was five foot eight inches. I thought I\u2019d hid","offset":7813,"length":3},{"detection":"[Lenin (no Trotsky) in the airing cupboard - ]she[\u2019ll no be checking out the towels surely 16 Kay]","prefix":"Lenin (no Trotsky) in the airing cupboard - ","exact":"she","suffix":"\u2019ll no be checking out the towels surely 16 Kay","offset":7977,"length":3},{"detection":"[my detective stories and the Complete Works of ]Shelley She[ comes at I 1.30 exactly. I pour her coffee from]","prefix":"my detective stories and the Complete Works of ","exact":"Shelley She","suffix":" comes at I 1.30 exactly. I pour her coffee from","offset":8309,"length":11},{"detection":"[this baby is going to my head , She crosses ]her[ legs on the sofa I fancy I hear the Daily]","prefix":"this baby is going to my head , She crosses ","exact":"her","suffix":" legs on the sofa I fancy I hear the Daily","offset":8492,"length":3},{"detection":"[ fancy I hear the Daily Workers rustle underneath ]her[ Well she says, you have an interesting home She]","prefix":" fancy I hear the Daily Workers rustle underneath ","exact":"her","suffix":" Well she says, you have an interesting home She","offset":8564,"length":3},{"detection":"[the Daily Workers rustle underneath her Well ]she[ says, you have an interesting home She sees my]","prefix":"the Daily Workers rustle underneath her Well ","exact":"she","suffix":" says, you have an interesting home She sees my","offset":8573,"length":3},{"detection":"[her Well she says, you have an interesting home ]She[ sees my eyebrows rise, It\u2019s different she]","prefix":"her Well she says, you have an interesting home ","exact":"She","suffix":" sees my eyebrows rise, It\u2019s different she","offset":8612,"length":3},{"detection":"[home She sees my eyebrows rise, It\u2019s different ]she[ qualifies . Hell and I\u2019ve spent all morning]","prefix":"home She sees my eyebrows rise, It\u2019s different ","exact":"she","suffix":" qualifies . Hell and I\u2019ve spent all morning","offset":8654,"length":3},{"detection":"[to look ordinary - a lovely home for the baby, ]She[ buttons her coat all smiles I\u2019m thinking I\u2019m on]","prefix":"to look ordinary - a lovely home for the baby, ","exact":"She","suffix":" buttons her coat all smiles I\u2019m thinking I\u2019m on","offset":8756,"length":3},{"detection":"[- a lovely home for the baby, She buttons ]her[ coat all smiles I\u2019m thinking I\u2019m on the home run]","prefix":"- a lovely home for the baby, She buttons ","exact":"her","suffix":" coat all smiles I\u2019m thinking I\u2019m on the home run","offset":8768,"length":3},{"detection":"[ the home run But just as we get to the last post ]her[ eye catches at the same times as mine a red]","prefix":" the home run But just as we get to the last post ","exact":"her","suffix":" eye catches at the same times as mine a red","offset":8857,"length":3},{"detection":"[me the same colour But I love my mammy whether ]she['s real or no My heart started rat tat tat like a]","prefix":"me the same colour But I love my mammy whether ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s real or no My heart started rat tat tat like a","offset":12702,"length":3},{"detection":"[another planet Why But I love ma mammy whether ]she['s real or no I could hear the upset in her voice]","prefix":"another planet Why But I love ma mammy whether ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s real or no I could hear the upset in her voice","offset":12837,"length":3},{"detection":"[she's real or no I could hear the upset in ]her[ voice I says I\u2019m not your real mother, though]","prefix":"she's real or no I could hear the upset in ","exact":"her","suffix":" voice I says I\u2019m not your real mother, though","offset":12880,"length":3},{"detection":"[but all my planned speech went out the window ]She[ took me when I'd nowhere to go my mammy is the]","prefix":"but all my planned speech went out the window ","exact":"She","suffix":" took me when I'd nowhere to go my mammy is the","offset":13026,"length":3},{"detection":"[mammy in the world OK , \n￼After mammy telt me ]she[ wisnae my real mammy I was scared to death she]","prefix":"mammy in the world OK , \n￼After mammy telt me ","exact":"she","suffix":" wisnae my real mammy I was scared to death she","offset":13128,"length":3},{"detection":"[she wisnae my real mammy I was scared to death ]she[ was gonnie melt or something or mibbe disappear]","prefix":"she wisnae my real mammy I was scared to death ","exact":"she","suffix":" was gonnie melt or something or mibbe disappear","offset":13175,"length":3},{"detection":"[in the dead of night and somebody would say ]she[ wis a fairy godmother. So the next morning I]","prefix":"in the dead of night and somebody would say ","exact":"she","suffix":" wis a fairy godmother. So the next morning I","offset":13271,"length":3},{"detection":"[a fairy godmother. So the next morning I felt ]her[ skin to check it was flesh, but mibbe it was]","prefix":"a fairy godmother. So the next morning I felt ","exact":"her","suffix":" skin to check it was flesh, but mibbe it was","offset":13325,"length":3},{"detection":"[can\u2019t keep something like that secret. I wanted ]her[ to think of her other mother out there ^thinking]","prefix":"can\u2019t keep something like that secret. I wanted ","exact":"her","suffix":" to think of her other mother out there ^thinking","offset":13699,"length":3},{"detection":"[like that secret. I wanted her to think of ]her[ other mother out there ^thinking that child I]","prefix":"like that secret. I wanted her to think of ","exact":"her","suffix":" other mother out there ^thinking that child I","offset":13715,"length":3},{"detection":"[missed your birthday, Mammy's face is cherries. ]She[ is stirring the big pot of mutton soup singing I]","prefix":"missed your birthday, Mammy's face is cherries. ","exact":"She","suffix":" is stirring the big pot of mutton soup singing I","offset":13930,"length":3},{"detection":"[my love a cherry it had no stone, I am up to ]her[ apron, I jump onto her feet and grab her legs]","prefix":"my love a cherry it had no stone, I am up to ","exact":"her","suffix":" apron, I jump onto her feet and grab her legs","offset":14033,"length":3},{"detection":"[had no stone, I am up to her apron, I jump onto ]her[ feet and grab her legs like a huge pair of]","prefix":"had no stone, I am up to her apron, I jump onto ","exact":"her","suffix":" feet and grab her legs like a huge pair of","offset":14056,"length":3},{"detection":"[up to her apron, I jump onto her feet and grab ]her[ legs like a huge pair of trousers ^ she walks]","prefix":"up to her apron, I jump onto her feet and grab ","exact":"her","suffix":" legs like a huge pair of trousers ^ she walks","offset":14074,"length":3},{"detection":"[ and grab her legs like a huge pair of trousers ^ ]she[ walks round the kitchen lifting me u p .]","prefix":" and grab her legs like a huge pair of trousers ^ ","exact":"she","suffix":" walks round the kitchen lifting me u p .","offset":14114,"length":3},{"detection":"[ the kitchen lifting me u p . Suddenly I fall off ]her[ feet, And mammy falls to the floor, She won't]","prefix":" the kitchen lifting me u p . Suddenly I fall off ","exact":"her","suffix":" feet, And mammy falls to the floor, She won't","offset":14179,"length":3},{"detection":"[ fall off her feet, And mammy falls to the floor, ]She[ won't stop the song 1gave my love a chicken it]","prefix":" fall off her feet, And mammy falls to the floor, ","exact":"She","suffix":" won't stop the song 1gave my love a chicken it","offset":14219,"length":3},{"detection":"[Mammy's skin is toffee stuck to the floor. And ]her[ bones are all scattered like toys, \n￼Kay 28/7/91]","prefix":"Mammy's skin is toffee stuck to the floor. And ","exact":"her","suffix":" bones are all scattered like toys, \n￼Kay 28/7/91","offset":14389,"length":3},{"detection":"[made a blunder. She is faceless She has no nose ]She[ is five foot eight inches tall She likes hockey]","prefix":"made a blunder. She is faceless She has no nose ","exact":"She","suffix":" is five foot eight inches tall She likes hockey","offset":23100,"length":3},{"detection":"[has no nose She is five foot eight inches tall ]She[ likes hockey best She is twenty-six today She]","prefix":"has no nose She is five foot eight inches tall ","exact":"She","suffix":" likes hockey best She is twenty-six today She","offset":23135,"length":3},{"detection":"[foot eight inches tall She likes hockey best ]She[ is twenty-six today She was a waitress My hair]","prefix":"foot eight inches tall She likes hockey best ","exact":"She","suffix":" is twenty-six today She was a waitress My hair","offset":23157,"length":3},{"detection":"[She likes hockey best She is twenty-six today ]She[ was a waitress My hair is grey She wears no]","prefix":"She likes hockey best She is twenty-six today ","exact":"She","suffix":" was a waitress My hair is grey She wears no","offset":23181,"length":3},{"detection":"[today She was a waitress My hair is grey ]She[ wears no particular dress The skin around my]","prefix":"today She was a waitress My hair is grey ","exact":"She","suffix":" wears no particular dress The skin around my","offset":23216,"length":3},{"detection":"[dress The skin around my neck is wrinkling Does ]she[ imagine me this way ? Lately I make pictures of]","prefix":"dress The skin around my neck is wrinkling Does ","exact":"she","suffix":" imagine me this way ? Lately I make pictures of","offset":23288,"length":3},{"detection":"[imagine me this way ? Lately I make pictures of ]her[ But I can see the smallness She is tall and slim]","prefix":"imagine me this way ? Lately I make pictures of ","exact":"her","suffix":" But I can see the smallness She is tall and slim","offset":23340,"length":3},{"detection":"[ make pictures of her But I can see the smallness ]She[ is tall and slim of her hands, Yes Her hair is]","prefix":" make pictures of her But I can see the smallness ","exact":"She","suffix":" is tall and slim of her hands, Yes Her hair is","offset":23372,"length":3},{"detection":"[I can see the smallness She is tall and slim of ]her[ hands, Yes Her hair is loose curls an opal stone]","prefix":"I can see the smallness She is tall and slim of ","exact":"her","suffix":" hands, Yes Her hair is loose curls an opal stone","offset":23396,"length":3},{"detection":"[ smallness She is tall and slim of her hands, Yes ]Her[ hair is loose curls an opal stone on her middle]","prefix":" smallness She is tall and slim of her hands, Yes ","exact":"Her","suffix":" hair is loose curls an opal stone on her middle","offset":23411,"length":3},{"detection":"[Yes Her hair is loose curls an opal stone on ]her[ middle finger I reach out to catch her Does she]","prefix":"Yes Her hair is loose curls an opal stone on ","exact":"her","suffix":" middle finger I reach out to catch her Does she","offset":23452,"length":3},{"detection":"[stone on her middle finger I reach out to catch ]her[ Does she talk broad Glasgow ? But no matter how]","prefix":"stone on her middle finger I reach out to catch ","exact":"her","suffix":" Does she talk broad Glasgow ? But no matter how","offset":23491,"length":3},{"detection":"[her middle finger I reach out to catch her Does ]she[ talk broad Glasgow ? But no matter how fast]","prefix":"her middle finger I reach out to catch her Does ","exact":"she","suffix":" talk broad Glasgow ? But no matter how fast","offset":23500,"length":3},{"detection":"[how fast Maybe they moved years ago I run after ]She[ is faceless, she never weeps. She has neither]","prefix":"how fast Maybe they moved years ago I run after ","exact":"She","suffix":" is faceless, she never weeps. She has neither","offset":23587,"length":3},{"detection":"[moved years ago I run after She is faceless, ]she[ never weeps. She has neither eyes nor fine boned]","prefix":"moved years ago I run after She is faceless, ","exact":"she","suffix":" never weeps. She has neither eyes nor fine boned","offset":23604,"length":3},{"detection":"[I run after She is faceless, she never weeps. ]She[ has neither eyes nor fine boned cheeks Once]","prefix":"I run after She is faceless, she never weeps. ","exact":"She","suffix":" has neither eyes nor fine boned cheeks Once","offset":23621,"length":3},{"detection":"[cheeks Once would be enough-) just to listen to ]her[ voice watch the way she moves her hands when she]","prefix":"cheeks Once would be enough-) just to listen to ","exact":"her","suffix":" voice watch the way she moves her hands when she","offset":23705,"length":3},{"detection":"[just to listen to her voice watch the way ]she[ moves her hands when she talks. 33 \n￼e Chapter]","prefix":"just to listen to her voice watch the way ","exact":"she","suffix":" moves her hands when she talks. 33 \n￼e Chapter","offset":23729,"length":3},{"detection":"[to listen to her voice watch the way she moves ]her[ hands when she talks. 33 \n￼e Chapter 9: The]","prefix":"to listen to her voice watch the way she moves ","exact":"her","suffix":" hands when she talks. 33 \n￼e Chapter 9: The","offset":23739,"length":3},{"detection":"[ her voice watch the way she moves her hands when ]she[ talks. 33 \n￼e Chapter 9: The Phone Call I have]","prefix":" her voice watch the way she moves her hands when ","exact":"she","suffix":" talks. 33 \n￼e Chapter 9: The Phone Call I have","offset":23754,"length":3},{"detection":"[ago with your daughter Elizabeth, do you have ]her[ present address?' Sorry, she says, Nojbut one of]","prefix":"ago with your daughter Elizabeth, do you have ","exact":"her","suffix":" present address?' Sorry, she says, Nojbut one of","offset":24078,"length":3},{"detection":"[do you have her present address?' Sorry, ]she[ says, Nojbut one of the girls will have it. She]","prefix":"do you have her present address?' Sorry, ","exact":"she","suffix":" says, Nojbut one of the girls will have it. She","offset":24107,"length":3},{"detection":"[she says, Nojbut one of the girls will have it. ]She[ gives me another Highland number wishingmeluck.]","prefix":"she says, Nojbut one of the girls will have it. ","exact":"She","suffix":" gives me another Highland number wishingmeluck.","offset":24155,"length":3},{"detection":"[But if you're forty, you can\u2019t be » I know ]she[ knows. The game's a bogey. Actually I'm]","prefix":"But if you're forty, you can\u2019t be » I know ","exact":"she","suffix":" knows. The game's a bogey. Actually I'm","offset":24441,"length":3},{"detection":"[so love. I thought it was you. Mam knew too. ]She[ just rang to warn me you\u2019d ring, How are you?]","prefix":"so love. I thought it was you. Mam knew too. ","exact":"She","suffix":" just rang to warn me you\u2019d ring, How are you?","offset":24542,"length":3},{"detection":"[How are you? How's your life been? I'll give ]her[ yours. She'll write. I'm sure you understand. I]","prefix":"How are you? How's your life been? I'll give ","exact":"her","suffix":" yours. She'll write. I'm sure you understand. I","offset":24624,"length":3},{"detection":"[you? How's your life been? I'll give her yours. ]She['ll write. I'm sure you understand. I do. I do.]","prefix":"you? How's your life been? I'll give her yours. ","exact":"She","suffix":"'ll write. I'm sure you understand. I do. I do.","offset":24635,"length":3},{"detection":"[than orange) buy my baby soya milk formula now ]she['s off the breast (non dairy, no cholesterol,]","prefix":"than orange) buy my baby soya milk formula now ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s off the breast (non dairy, no cholesterol,","offset":53653,"length":3}],"relevance":0.576},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/22b7ced9-f8a7-328d-b061-241cb9bc908a":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Continent","name":"America","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Continent","instances":[{"detection":"[ is young 29 \n￼e just imagine, she says, being on ]America['s Ten Most Wanted People's List at 26! I can't.]","prefix":" is young 29 \n￼e just imagine, she says, being on ","exact":"America","suffix":"'s Ten Most Wanted People's List at 26! I can't.","offset":19372,"length":7}],"relevance":0.268},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/0e745bb7-8c06-3e2e-83b1-2bdd6971ae8a":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Organization","name":"^u Chapter","organizationtype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Organization","instances":[{"detection":"[a tizzy. 00 35 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:32 pm Page 36 ]^u Chapter[ 10: The Meeting Dream If I picture it like this]","prefix":"a tizzy. 00 35 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:32 pm Page 36 ","exact":"^u Chapter","suffix":" 10: The Meeting Dream If I picture it like this","offset":25145,"length":10},{"detection":"[lobster and laid \n￼Kay 30/7/91 9:06 pm Page 42 ]UC[ out like bodies in a graveyard. The money owed]","prefix":"lobster and laid \n￼Kay 30/7/91 9:06 pm Page 42 ","exact":"UC","suffix":" out like bodies in a graveyard. The money owed","offset":30480,"length":2}],"relevance":0.241},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/535d8281-f82a-36a0-bc7a-bf39fab17946":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"PhoneNumber","name":"1980-1990","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/PhoneNumber","instances":[{"detection":"[27 CHAPTER7:BlackBottom } / yG Part Three: ]1980-1990[ c h a p t e r 8: G e n e r a t i o n s CHAPTER]","prefix":"27 CHAPTER7:BlackBottom } / yG Part Three: ","exact":"1980-1990","suffix":" c h a p t e r 8: G e n e r a t i o n s CHAPTER","offset":2864,"length":9}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/903bd98a-a0c2-36d8-abdd-8223110320d5":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Organization","name":"Open University","organizationtype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Organization","instances":[{"detection":"[Time for Verse (BBC Radio 4), and on the ]Open University[ programme Literature in the Modern World (BBC]","prefix":"Time for Verse (BBC Radio 4), and on the ","exact":"Open University","suffix":" programme Literature in the Modern World (BBC","offset":1231,"length":15}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/comphash-1/d620483b-1e39-3235-a7ef-bce6af1b6b8d":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Company","name":"Onlywomen Press","nationality":"N/A","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Company","instances":[{"detection":"[poems first appeared: Beautiful Barbarians (]Onlywomen Press[, 1S0?, Bete Noire, The Black Scholar (USA),]","prefix":"poems first appeared: Beautiful Barbarians (","exact":"Onlywomen Press","suffix":", 1S0?, Bete Noire, The Black Scholar (USA),","offset":1613,"length":15}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/30fbc633-17f3-3d58-8263-dbf333978ab3":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"City","name":"Aberdeen","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/City","instances":[{"detection":"[four ounces. She liked hockey. She worked in ]Aberdeen[ as a waitress. She was five foot eight inches. I]","prefix":"four ounces. She liked hockey. She worked in ","exact":"Aberdeen","suffix":" as a waitress. She was five foot eight inches. I","offset":7789,"length":8},{"detection":"[ he was thirteen and he cried when Gavin moved to ]Aberdeen[. He wassalways that bit sensitive my boy so he]","prefix":" he was thirteen and he cried when Gavin moved to ","exact":"Aberdeen","suffix":". He wassalways that bit sensitive my boy so he","offset":48419,"length":8}],"relevance":0.503},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a032363d-0379-3b1b-9c1a-d60d30cd2591":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Jackie Kay","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Jackie Kay","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[ ￼& ]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 1 -© THE ADOPTION PAPERS Q]","prefix":" ￼& ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 1 -© THE ADOPTION PAPERS Q","offset":4,"length":3},{"detection":"[9:22 pm Page 1 -© THE ADOPTION PAPERS Q \n￼e- ]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 2 ■e © \n￼THE ADOPTION]","prefix":"9:22 pm Page 1 -© THE ADOPTION PAPERS Q \n￼e- ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 2 ■e © \n￼THE ADOPTION","offset":61,"length":3},{"detection":"[ADOPTION PAPERS Jackie Kay BISODAX6 BQ0K5 \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 4 Copyright © Jackie Kay]","prefix":"ADOPTION PAPERS Jackie Kay BISODAX6 BQ0K5 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 4 Copyright © Jackie Kay","offset":143,"length":3},{"detection":"[BQ0K5 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 4 Copyright © ]Jackie Kay[ 1991 ISBN: 1 85224 156 X First published 1991 by]","prefix":"BQ0K5 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 4 Copyright © ","exact":"Jackie Kay","suffix":" 1991 ISBN: 1 85224 156 X First published 1991 by","offset":182,"length":10},{"detection":"[Britain by Billing & Sons Limited, Worcester. \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 5 -0- For my mother, Helen]","prefix":"Britain by Billing & Sons Limited, Worcester. \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 5 -0- For my mother, Helen","offset":859,"length":3},{"detection":"[ pm Page 5 -0- For my mother, Helen Kay e- e- 0 \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 6 * Acknowledgements A]","prefix":" pm Page 5 -0- For my mother, Helen Kay e- e- 0 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 6 * Acknowledgements A","offset":925,"length":3},{"detection":"[poems were included in a collection for which ]Jackie Kay[ won an Eric Gregory Award in 1991, and some in a]","prefix":"poems were included in a collection for which ","exact":"Jackie Kay","suffix":" won an Eric Gregory Award in 1991, and some in a","offset":1357,"length":10},{"detection":"[and Deirdre <o4 The Day Anna Went Close Shave \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 8 £7 G7 7 0 ~~l| ~>i]","prefix":"and Deirdre <o4 The Day Anna Went Close Shave \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 8 £7 G7 7 0 ~~l| ~>i","offset":3385,"length":3},{"detection":"[Leila Sleeps The Underground Baby Case \n￼© ]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 9 THE ADOPTION PAPERS \n￼Kay]","prefix":"Leila Sleeps The Underground Baby Case \n￼© ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 9 THE ADOPTION PAPERS \n￼Kay","offset":3556,"length":3},{"detection":"[ Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 9 THE ADOPTION PAPERS \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:24 pm Page 10 ©■ ■e- \n￼Kay 28/7/91]","prefix":" Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 9 THE ADOPTION PAPERS \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:24 pm Page 10 ©■ ■e- \n￼Kay 28/7/91","offset":3605,"length":3},{"detection":"[PAPERS \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:24 pm Page 10 ©■ ■e- \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 11 I always wanted to give]","prefix":"PAPERS \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:24 pm Page 10 ©■ ■e- \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 11 I always wanted to give","offset":3642,"length":3},{"detection":"[ I must have felt somebody willing me to survive; ]she[ would not pick another baby I still have the]","prefix":" I must have felt somebody willing me to survive; ","exact":"she","suffix":" would not pick another baby I still have the","offset":4286,"length":3},{"detection":"[baby photograph I keep it in my bottom drawer ]She[ is twenty-six today my hair is grey The skin]","prefix":"baby photograph I keep it in my bottom drawer ","exact":"She","suffix":" is twenty-six today my hair is grey The skin","offset":4381,"length":3},{"detection":"[ is wrinkling does she imagine me this way e 11 \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 12 PART ONE: 1961-1962]","prefix":" is wrinkling does she imagine me this way e 11 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 12 PART ONE: 1961-1962","offset":4494,"length":3},{"detection":"[my waters to break like Noah\u2019s flood 12 e \n￼0 0 ]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 13 0 I want to push and]","prefix":"my waters to break like Noah\u2019s flood 12 e \n￼0 0 ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 13 0 I want to push and","offset":5245,"length":3},{"detection":"[whole life is changing On the first night I see ]her[ shuttered eyes in my dreams I cannot pretend]","prefix":"whole life is changing On the first night I see ","exact":"her","suffix":" shuttered eyes in my dreams I cannot pretend","offset":6082,"length":3},{"detection":"[ her shuttered eyes in my dreams I cannot pretend ]she[\u2019s never been my stitches pull and threaten to]","prefix":" her shuttered eyes in my dreams I cannot pretend ","exact":"she","suffix":"\u2019s never been my stitches pull and threaten to","offset":6131,"length":3},{"detection":"[to shirts. On the second night I\u2019ll suffocate ]her[ with a feather pillow Bury her under a weeping]","prefix":"to shirts. On the second night I\u2019ll suffocate ","exact":"her","suffix":" with a feather pillow Bury her under a weeping","offset":6284,"length":3},{"detection":"[I\u2019ll suffocate her with a feather pillow Bury ]her[ under a weeping willow Or take her far out to]","prefix":"I\u2019ll suffocate her with a feather pillow Bury ","exact":"her","suffix":" under a weeping willow Or take her far out to","offset":6315,"length":3},{"detection":"[pillow Bury her under a weeping willow Or take ]her[ far out to sea and watch her tiny eight-pound]","prefix":"pillow Bury her under a weeping willow Or take ","exact":"her","suffix":" far out to sea and watch her tiny eight-pound","offset":6350,"length":3},{"detection":"[willow Or take her far out to sea and watch ]her[ tiny eight-pound body sink to shells and reshape]","prefix":"willow Or take her far out to sea and watch ","exact":"her","suffix":" tiny eight-pound body sink to shells and reshape","offset":6379,"length":3},{"detection":"[body sink to shells and reshape herself % 14 ]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 14 -e- \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:26]","prefix":"body sink to shells and reshape herself % 14 ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 14 -e- \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:26","offset":6445,"length":3},{"detection":"[herself % 14 Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 14 -e- \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 15 §o much the better than]","prefix":"herself % 14 Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 14 -e- \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 15 §o much the better than","offset":6479,"length":3},{"detection":"[28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 15 §o much the better than ]her[ body ■incased in glass like a museum piece. On]","prefix":"28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 15 §o much the better than ","exact":"her","suffix":" body ■incased in glass like a museum piece. On","offset":6531,"length":3},{"detection":"[now/ on the third night I lie willing life into ]her[ breathing air all the way down the corridor to]","prefix":"now/ on the third night I lie willing life into ","exact":"her","suffix":" breathing air all the way down the corridor to","offset":6708,"length":3},{"detection":"[information Your mother was nineteen when ]she[ had you. You weighed eight pounds four ounces.]","prefix":"information Your mother was nineteen when ","exact":"she","suffix":" had you. You weighed eight pounds four ounces.","offset":7706,"length":3},{"detection":"[had you. You weighed eight pounds four ounces. ]She[ liked hockey. She worked in Aberdeen as a]","prefix":"had you. You weighed eight pounds four ounces. ","exact":"She","suffix":" liked hockey. She worked in Aberdeen as a","offset":7757,"length":3},{"detection":"[eight pounds four ounces. She liked hockey. ]She[ worked in Aberdeen as a waitress. She was five]","prefix":"eight pounds four ounces. She liked hockey. ","exact":"She","suffix":" worked in Aberdeen as a waitress. She was five","offset":7775,"length":3},{"detection":"[ - she\u2019ll no be checking out the towels surely 16 ]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 16 \n￼All the copies of the]","prefix":" - she\u2019ll no be checking out the towels surely 16 ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 16 \n￼All the copies of the","offset":8024,"length":3},{"detection":"[of Shelley She comes at I 1.30 exactly. I pour ]her[ coffee from my new Hungarian set And foolishly]","prefix":"of Shelley She comes at I 1.30 exactly. I pour ","exact":"her","suffix":" coffee from my new Hungarian set And foolishly","offset":8353,"length":3},{"detection":"[from my new Hungarian set And foolishly pray ]she[ willnae ask its origins - honestly this baby is]","prefix":"from my new Hungarian set And foolishly pray ","exact":"she","suffix":" willnae ask its origins - honestly this baby is","offset":8409,"length":3},{"detection":"[- honestly this baby is going to my head , ]She[ crosses her legs on the sofa I fancy I hear the]","prefix":"- honestly this baby is going to my head , ","exact":"She","suffix":" crosses her legs on the sofa I fancy I hear the","offset":8480,"length":3},{"detection":"[a red ribbon with twenty world peace badges \n￼0 ]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:27 pm Page 18 Clear as a hammer and]","prefix":"a red ribbon with twenty world peace badges \n￼0 ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:27 pm Page 18 Clear as a hammer and","offset":8947,"length":3},{"detection":"[18 Clear as a hammer and sickle on the wall, Oh^]she[ says are you against nuclear weapons? To Hell]","prefix":"18 Clear as a hammer and sickle on the wall, Oh^","exact":"she","suffix":" says are you against nuclear weapons? To Hell","offset":9020,"length":3},{"detection":"[this baby to live in a nuclear free world. Oh. ]Her[ eyes light up. I\u2019m all for peace myself she]","prefix":"this baby to live in a nuclear free world. Oh. ","exact":"Her","suffix":" eyes light up. I\u2019m all for peace myself she","offset":9179,"length":3},{"detection":"[Oh. Her eyes light up. I\u2019m all for peace myself ]she[ says. and sits down for another cup of coffee ,]","prefix":"Oh. Her eyes light up. I\u2019m all for peace myself ","exact":"she","suffix":" says. and sits down for another cup of coffee ,","offset":9223,"length":3},{"detection":"[and sits down for another cup of coffee , 18 \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:27 pm Page 19 Chapter 4: Baby Lazarus]","prefix":"and sits down for another cup of coffee , 18 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:27 pm Page 19 Chapter 4: Baby Lazarus","offset":9280,"length":3},{"detection":"[phoned > our baby is a girl but not healthy ]she[ won\u2019t pass the doctors test until she\u2019s well.]","prefix":"phoned > our baby is a girl but not healthy ","exact":"she","suffix":" won\u2019t pass the doctors test until she\u2019s well.","offset":9528,"length":3},{"detection":"[healthy she won\u2019t pass the doctors test until ]she[\u2019s well. The adoption papers can\u2019t be signed. I]","prefix":"healthy she won\u2019t pass the doctors test until ","exact":"she","suffix":"\u2019s well. The adoption papers can\u2019t be signed. I","offset":9566,"length":3},{"detection":"[I felt all hot Don\u2019t get overwrought. What does ]she[ expect? I\u2019m not a mother until I\u2019ve signed that]","prefix":"I felt all hot Don\u2019t get overwrought. What does ","exact":"she","suffix":" expect? I\u2019m not a mother until I\u2019ve signed that","offset":9685,"length":3},{"detection":"[ forty miles seemed a lifetime. What do you think ]she[\u2019ll look like? I don\u2019t know my man says. I could]","prefix":" forty miles seemed a lifetime. What do you think ","exact":"she","suffix":"\u2019ll look like? I don\u2019t know my man says. I could","offset":10053,"length":3},{"detection":"[and swell the promise of a crop, that\u2019s when ]she[ started crying. I gave her a service thenjsang]","prefix":"and swell the promise of a crop, that\u2019s when ","exact":"she","suffix":" started crying. I gave her a service thenjsang","offset":10376,"length":3},{"detection":"[a crop, that\u2019s when she started crying. I gave ]her[ a service thenjsang Ye banks and braes, planted]","prefix":"a crop, that\u2019s when she started crying. I gave ","exact":"her","suffix":" a service thenjsang Ye banks and braes, planted","offset":10403,"length":3},{"detection":"[ash from the grate. Late that same night ]she[ came in by the window- my baby Lazarus and]","prefix":"ash from the grate. Late that same night ","exact":"she","suffix":" came in by the window- my baby Lazarus and","offset":10584,"length":3},{"detection":"[my baby Lazarus and suckled at my breast. \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:28 pm Page 22 Chapter 5: The Tweed Hat]","prefix":"my baby Lazarus and suckled at my breast. \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:28 pm Page 22 Chapter 5: The Tweed Hat","offset":10655,"length":3},{"detection":"[three weeks what do you expect from i t « If ]she[ wants to meet me that's fine if she doesn't that]","prefix":"three weeks what do you expect from i t « If ","exact":"she","suffix":" wants to meet me that's fine if she doesn't that","offset":10876,"length":3},{"detection":"[i t « If she wants to meet me that's fine if ]she[ doesn't that is also fine This morning the]","prefix":"i t « If she wants to meet me that's fine if ","exact":"she","suffix":" doesn't that is also fine This morning the","offset":10912,"length":3},{"detection":"[fine This morning the counselling woman rings ]she['s found someone who might be her she's not sure;]","prefix":"fine This morning the counselling woman rings ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s found someone who might be her she's not sure;","offset":10983,"length":3},{"detection":"[woman rings she's found someone who might be ]her[ she's not sure; do I know my grandmother's name?]","prefix":"woman rings she's found someone who might be ","exact":"her","suffix":" she's not sure; do I know my grandmother's name?","offset":11016,"length":3},{"detection":"[ woman rings she's found someone who might be her ]she['s not sure; do I know my grandmother's name?]","prefix":" woman rings she's found someone who might be her ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s not sure; do I know my grandmother's name?","offset":11020,"length":3},{"detection":"[ not sure; do I know my grandmother's name? Pity. ]She['ll be in touch, not sure when. Her mother just]","prefix":" not sure; do I know my grandmother's name? Pity. ","exact":"She","suffix":"'ll be in touch, not sure when. Her mother just","offset":11075,"length":3},{"detection":"[name? Pity. She'll be in touch, not sure when. ]Her[ mother just turns up at the door with a tweed]","prefix":"name? Pity. She'll be in touch, not sure when. ","exact":"Her","suffix":" mother just turns up at the door with a tweed","offset":11110,"length":3},{"detection":"[up at the door with a tweed hat on. I thinks ]she[ doesn\u2019t suit tweed, she\u2019s too young. In all]","prefix":"up at the door with a tweed hat on. I thinks ","exact":"she","suffix":" doesn\u2019t suit tweed, she\u2019s too young. In all","offset":11177,"length":3},{"detection":"[ a tweed hat on. I thinks she doesn\u2019t suit tweed, ]she[\u2019s too young. In all these months I\u2019ve never put]","prefix":" a tweed hat on. I thinks she doesn\u2019t suit tweed, ","exact":"she","suffix":"\u2019s too young. In all these months I\u2019ve never put","offset":11201,"length":3},{"detection":"[In all these months I\u2019ve never put a face to ]her[ that looks like my daughter - so picture me when]","prefix":"In all these months I\u2019ve never put a face to ","exact":"her","suffix":" that looks like my daughter - so picture me when","offset":11263,"length":3},{"detection":"[daughter - so picture me when I see those lips. ]She[ looks a dead spit except of course she\u2019s white;]","prefix":"daughter - so picture me when I see those lips. ","exact":"She","suffix":" looks a dead spit except of course she\u2019s white;","offset":11334,"length":3},{"detection":"[lips. She looks a dead spit except of course ]she[\u2019s white; lightning white. She says in her soft]","prefix":"lips. She looks a dead spit except of course ","exact":"she","suffix":"\u2019s white; lightning white. She says in her soft","offset":11373,"length":3},{"detection":"[except of course she\u2019s white; lightning white. ]She[ says in her soft Highland voice can you let me]","prefix":"except of course she\u2019s white; lightning white. ","exact":"She","suffix":" says in her soft Highland voice can you let me","offset":11403,"length":3},{"detection":"[ course she\u2019s white; lightning white. She says in ]her[ soft Highland voice can you let me see her? Can]","prefix":" course she\u2019s white; lightning white. She says in ","exact":"her","suffix":" soft Highland voice can you let me see her? Can","offset":11415,"length":3},{"detection":"[in her soft Highland voice can you let me see ]her[? Can you? What could I do? She comes in swift as]","prefix":"in her soft Highland voice can you let me see ","exact":"her","suffix":"? Can you? What could I do? She comes in swift as","offset":11458,"length":3},{"detection":"[you let me see her? Can you? What could I do? ]She[ comes in swift as wind in a storm, rushes up the]","prefix":"you let me see her? Can you? What could I do? ","exact":"She","suffix":" comes in swift as wind in a storm, rushes up the","offset":11489,"length":3},{"detection":"[as wind in a storm, rushes up the stairs as if ]she[ knows the house already; picks up my baby and]","prefix":"as wind in a storm, rushes up the stairs as if ","exact":"she","suffix":" knows the house already; picks up my baby and","offset":11555,"length":3},{"detection":"[the house already; picks up my baby and strokes ]her[ cheeks endlessly till I get tired and say,I\u2019ll]","prefix":"the house already; picks up my baby and strokes ","exact":"her","suffix":" cheeks endlessly till I get tired and say,I\u2019ll","offset":11613,"length":3},{"detection":"[of biscuits which keep sliding onto the floor. ]She[\u2019s been up there helluva long, I don\u2019t know where]","prefix":"of biscuits which keep sliding onto the floor. ","exact":"She","suffix":"\u2019s been up there helluva long, I don\u2019t know where","offset":11809,"length":3},{"detection":"[suddenly I\u2019m pounding the stairs like thunder. ]Her[ tweed hat is in the cot That is all. 22 -0 \n￼Kay]","prefix":"suddenly I\u2019m pounding the stairs like thunder. ","exact":"Her","suffix":" tweed hat is in the cot That is all. 22 -0 \n￼Kay","offset":11936,"length":3},{"detection":"[ Her tweed hat is in the cot That is all. 22 -0 \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:28 pm Page 23 That night I turn it]","prefix":" Her tweed hat is in the cot That is all. 22 -0 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:28 pm Page 23 That night I turn it","offset":11985,"length":3},{"detection":"[ all so long ago. Does it matter? Now I come from ]her[, the mother who stole my milk teeth ate the]","prefix":" all so long ago. Does it matter? Now I come from ","exact":"her","suffix":", the mother who stole my milk teeth ate the","offset":12175,"length":3},{"detection":"[me (I wiz the best) your mammy had to take you (]she['d no choice) Ma mammy says she's no really ma]","prefix":"me (I wiz the best) your mammy had to take you (","exact":"she","suffix":"'d no choice) Ma mammy says she's no really ma","offset":12433,"length":3},{"detection":"[had to take you (she'd no choice) Ma mammy says ]she['s no really ma mammy (just kid on) It\u2019s a bit]","prefix":"had to take you (she'd no choice) Ma mammy says ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s no really ma mammy (just kid on) It\u2019s a bit","offset":12464,"length":3},{"detection":"[so well you can\u2019t play it on the opening night ]She[ says my real mammy is away far away Mammy why]","prefix":"so well you can\u2019t play it on the opening night ","exact":"She","suffix":" says my real mammy is away far away Mammy why","offset":12590,"length":3},{"detection":"[And her bones are all scattered like toys, \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:29 pm Page 26 Now when people say \u2018ah]","prefix":"And her bones are all scattered like toys, \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:29 pm Page 26 Now when people say \u2018ah","offset":14430,"length":3},{"detection":"[ is it\u2019# I say of course it is, what else is it ? ]she[\u2019s my child, I have told her stories wept at her]","prefix":" is it\u2019# I say of course it is, what else is it ? ","exact":"she","suffix":"\u2019s my child, I have told her stories wept at her","offset":14578,"length":3},{"detection":"[what else is it ? she\u2019s my child, I have told ]her[ stories wept at her losses, laughed at her]","prefix":"what else is it ? she\u2019s my child, I have told ","exact":"her","suffix":" stories wept at her losses, laughed at her","offset":14606,"length":3},{"detection":"[she\u2019s my child, I have told her stories wept at ]her[ losses, laughed at her pleasures, she is mine. I]","prefix":"she\u2019s my child, I have told her stories wept at ","exact":"her","suffix":" losses, laughed at her pleasures, she is mine. I","offset":14626,"length":3},{"detection":"[told her stories wept at her losses, laughed at ]her[ pleasures, she is mine. I was always the first]","prefix":"told her stories wept at her losses, laughed at ","exact":"her","suffix":" pleasures, she is mine. I was always the first","offset":14649,"length":3},{"detection":"[wept at her losses, laughed at her pleasures, ]she[ is mine. I was always the first to hear her in]","prefix":"wept at her losses, laughed at her pleasures, ","exact":"she","suffix":" is mine. I was always the first to hear her in","offset":14664,"length":3},{"detection":"[she is mine. I was always the first to hear ]her[ in the night all this umbilical knot business is]","prefix":"she is mine. I was always the first to hear ","exact":"her","suffix":" in the night all this umbilical knot business is","offset":14708,"length":3},{"detection":"[deeper sleeps that\u2019s all. I listened to hear ]her[ talk* and when she did I heard my voice under]","prefix":"deeper sleeps that\u2019s all. I listened to hear ","exact":"her","suffix":" talk* and when she did I heard my voice under","offset":14836,"length":3},{"detection":"[all. I listened to hear her talk* and when ]she[ did I heard my voice under hers and now some of]","prefix":"all. I listened to hear her talk* and when ","exact":"she","suffix":" did I heard my voice under hers and now some of","offset":14855,"length":3},{"detection":"[did I heard my voice under hers and now some of ]her[ mannerisms crack me up Me and my best pal don't]","prefix":"did I heard my voice under hers and now some of ","exact":"her","suffix":" mannerisms crack me up Me and my best pal don't","offset":14907,"length":3},{"detection":"[wear Starsky and Hutch jumpers either. Round at ]her[ house we put on the old record player and mime]","prefix":"wear Starsky and Hutch jumpers either. Round at ","exact":"her","suffix":" house we put on the old record player and mime","offset":15068,"length":3},{"detection":"[But Miss. Save it for Mr Thompson she says (0 \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 28 My teacher's face cracks]","prefix":"But Miss. Save it for Mr Thompson she says (0 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 28 My teacher's face cracks","offset":16621,"length":3},{"detection":"[28 My teacher's face cracks into a thin smile ]Her[ long nails scratch the note well well I see you]","prefix":"28 My teacher's face cracks into a thin smile ","exact":"Her","suffix":" long nails scratch the note well well I see you","offset":16692,"length":3},{"detection":"[ know what that is? Look it up in the dictionary. ]She[ spells each letter with slow pleasure. Read it]","prefix":" know what that is? Look it up in the dictionary. ","exact":"She","suffix":" spells each letter with slow pleasure. Read it","offset":16885,"length":3},{"detection":"[My skin is hot as burning coal like that time ]she[ said Darkies are like coal in front of the whole]","prefix":"My skin is hot as burning coal like that time ","exact":"she","suffix":" said Darkies are like coal in front of the whole","offset":17682,"length":3},{"detection":"[ in front of the whole class - my blood what does ]she[ mean? I thought she'd stopped all that after the]","prefix":" in front of the whole class - my blood what does ","exact":"she","suffix":" mean? I thought she'd stopped all that after the","offset":17762,"length":3},{"detection":"[class - my blood what does she mean? I thought ]she['d stopped all that after the last time m y dad]","prefix":"class - my blood what does she mean? I thought ","exact":"she","suffix":"'d stopped all that after the last time m y dad","offset":17782,"length":3},{"detection":"[all that after the last time m y dad talked to ]her[ on parents' night the other kids are all right]","prefix":"all that after the last time m y dad talked to ","exact":"her","suffix":" on parents' night the other kids are all right","offset":17843,"length":3},{"detection":"[ parents' night the other kids are all right till ]she[ starts; my feet step out of time, my heart]","prefix":" parents' night the other kids are all right till ","exact":"she","suffix":" starts; my feet step out of time, my heart","offset":17899,"length":3},{"detection":"[ In M y Blood? The bell rings, it is time. 28 e \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 29 Sometimes it is hard to]","prefix":" In M y Blood? The bell rings, it is time. 28 e \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 29 Sometimes it is hard to","offset":18059,"length":3},{"detection":"[ will comfort. Us two in the armchair; me holding ]her[ breath, \u2018they\u2019re ignorant let\u2019s have some tea]","prefix":" will comfort. Us two in the armchair; me holding ","exact":"her","suffix":" breath, \u2018they\u2019re ignorant let\u2019s have some tea","offset":18182,"length":3},{"detection":"[DAVIS. And all my pals says 'Who's she?' 30 ]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 30 e \n￼PART THREE:]","prefix":"DAVIS. And all my pals says 'Who's she?' 30 ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 30 e \n￼PART THREE:","offset":20573,"length":3},{"detection":"[Jesus sandals, -all but the softest whisper; ]she[\u2019s lost an awful lot of weight. Now my secret is]","prefix":"Jesus sandals, -all but the softest whisper; ","exact":"she","suffix":"\u2019s lost an awful lot of weight. Now my secret is","offset":21133,"length":3},{"detection":"[ handwriting sometimes jump when the phone rings> ]she[ is all of nineteen and legally able, At night I]","prefix":" handwriting sometimes jump when the phone rings> ","exact":"she","suffix":" is all of nineteen and legally able, At night I","offset":21284,"length":3},{"detection":"[ my left cheek four months inside a glass cot but ]she[ came faithful from Glasgow to Edinburgh and]","prefix":" my left cheek four months inside a glass cot but ","exact":"she","suffix":" came faithful from Glasgow to Edinburgh and","offset":21544,"length":3},{"detection":"[to Edinburgh and peered through the glass ]she[ would not pick another baby. \n￼O ' I don't know]","prefix":"to Edinburgh and peered through the glass ","exact":"she","suffix":" would not pick another baby. \n￼O ' I don't know","offset":21617,"length":3},{"detection":"[the soil in my blood. Put it this way: I know ]she[ thinks of me often when the light shows its face]","prefix":"the soil in my blood. Put it this way: I know ","exact":"she","suffix":" thinks of me often when the light shows its face","offset":22613,"length":3},{"detection":"[shows its face or the dark skulks behind hills; ]she[ conjures me up or Ijust appear Kay 28/7/91 9:31]","prefix":"shows its face or the dark skulks behind hills; ","exact":"she","suffix":" conjures me up or Ijust appear Kay 28/7/91 9:31","offset":22699,"length":3},{"detection":"[ behind hills; she conjures me up or Ijust appear ]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 32 32 O \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:31]","prefix":" behind hills; she conjures me up or Ijust appear ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 32 32 O \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:31","offset":22734,"length":3},{"detection":"[Ijust appear Kay 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 32 32 O \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 33 e when I take the]","prefix":"Ijust appear Kay 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 32 32 O \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 33 e when I take the","offset":22769,"length":3},{"detection":"[ my slippers are silent and I walk through doors. ]She[\u2019s lying in bed; I wake her up a pinch on her]","prefix":" my slippers are silent and I walk through doors. ","exact":"She","suffix":"\u2019s lying in bed; I wake her up a pinch on her","offset":22872,"length":3},{"detection":"[ I walk through doors. She\u2019s lying in bed; I wake ]her[ up a pinch on her cheek is enough-) >urs* 0_.]","prefix":" I walk through doors. She\u2019s lying in bed; I wake ","exact":"her","suffix":" up a pinch on her cheek is enough-) >urs* 0_.","offset":22899,"length":3},{"detection":"[She\u2019s lying in bed; I wake her up a pinch on ]her[ cheek is enough-) >urs* 0_.]","prefix":"She\u2019s lying in bed; I wake her up a pinch on ","exact":"her","suffix":" cheek is enough-) >urs* 0_.","offset":22917,"length":3},{"detection":"[ you\u2019ll never really know your mother, I know who ]she[ thinks I am - she\u2019s made a blunder. She is]","prefix":" you\u2019ll never really know your mother, I know who ","exact":"she","suffix":" thinks I am - she\u2019s made a blunder. She is","offset":23028,"length":3},{"detection":"[know your mother, I know who she thinks I am - ]she[\u2019s made a blunder. She is faceless She has no]","prefix":"know your mother, I know who she thinks I am - ","exact":"she","suffix":"\u2019s made a blunder. She is faceless She has no","offset":23046,"length":3},{"detection":"[ know who she thinks I am - she\u2019s made a blunder. ]She[ is faceless She has no nose She is five foot]","prefix":" know who she thinks I am - she\u2019s made a blunder. ","exact":"She","suffix":" is faceless She has no nose She is five foot","offset":23068,"length":3},{"detection":"[I am - she\u2019s made a blunder. She is faceless ]She[ has no nose She is five foot eight inches tall]","prefix":"I am - she\u2019s made a blunder. She is faceless ","exact":"She","suffix":" has no nose She is five foot eight inches tall","offset":23084,"length":3},{"detection":"[write. I'm sure you understand. I do. I do. 34 ]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 34 e \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:31 pm]","prefix":"write. I'm sure you understand. I do. I do. 34 ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 34 e \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:31 pm","offset":24689,"length":3},{"detection":"[I do. I do. 34 Kay 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 34 e \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 35 e Now she\u2019s gone. I get]","prefix":"I do. I do. 34 Kay 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 34 e \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 35 e Now she\u2019s gone. I get","offset":24721,"length":3},{"detection":"[ pm Page 34 e \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 35 e Now ]she[\u2019s gone. I get phone calls regularly. It\u2019s not]","prefix":" pm Page 34 e \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:31 pm Page 35 e Now ","exact":"she","suffix":"\u2019s gone. I get phone calls regularly. It\u2019s not","offset":24755,"length":3},{"detection":"[more. Daft Getting myself into a tizzy. 00 35 \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:32 pm Page 36 ^u Chapter 10: The]","prefix":"more. Daft Getting myself into a tizzy. 00 35 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:32 pm Page 36 ^u Chapter 10: The","offset":25117,"length":3},{"detection":"[I am taller .thinner and I'd always imagined ]her[ hair dark brown not grey. I can see my chin in]","prefix":"I am taller .thinner and I'd always imagined ","exact":"her","suffix":" hair dark brown not grey. I can see my chin in","offset":25386,"length":3},{"detection":"[is all, though no doubt my mum will say, when ]she[ looks at the photo, she\u2019s your double she really]","prefix":"is all, though no doubt my mum will say, when ","exact":"she","suffix":" looks at the photo, she\u2019s your double she really","offset":25493,"length":3},{"detection":"[my mum will say, when she looks at the photo, ]she[\u2019s your double she really is. There is no]","prefix":"my mum will say, when she looks at the photo, ","exact":"she","suffix":"\u2019s your double she really is. There is no","offset":25517,"length":3},{"detection":"[when she looks at the photo, she\u2019s your double ]she[ really is. There is no sentiment in this]","prefix":"when she looks at the photo, she\u2019s your double ","exact":"she","suffix":" really is. There is no sentiment in this","offset":25535,"length":3},{"detection":"[ smile sudden as a fire blazing then die down i .,]her[ hands play with her wedding-ring-. I've started]","prefix":" smile sudden as a fire blazing then die down i .,","exact":"her","suffix":" hands play with her wedding-ring-. I've started","offset":25725,"length":3},{"detection":"[blazing then die down i .,her hands play with ]her[ wedding-ring-. I've started smoking again. We]","prefix":"blazing then die down i .,her hands play with ","exact":"her","suffix":" wedding-ring-. I've started smoking again. We","offset":25745,"length":3},{"detection":"[ me mad imagining-> 26 years is a long time. 36 \n￼]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:32 pm Page 37 -0 Inside once more I]","prefix":" me mad imagining-> 26 years is a long time. 36 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:32 pm Page 37 -0 Inside once more I","offset":26211,"length":3},{"detection":"[VO the air is as old as the sea, 1stare at ]her[ chin till she makes me look down , VL .her hands]","prefix":"VO the air is as old as the sea, 1stare at ","exact":"her","suffix":" chin till she makes me look down , VL .her hands","offset":26346,"length":3},{"detection":"[is as old as the sea, 1stare at her chin till ]she[ makes me look down , VL .her hands are awkward]","prefix":"is as old as the sea, 1stare at her chin till ","exact":"she","suffix":" makes me look down , VL .her hands are awkward","offset":26360,"length":3},{"detection":"[at her chin till she makes me look down , VL .]her[ hands are awkward as rocks , 0C my eyes are]","prefix":"at her chin till she makes me look down , VL .","exact":"her","suffix":" hands are awkward as rocks , 0C my eyes are","offset":26389,"length":3},{"detection":"[ open like a gutted fish nothing is what it was * ]she[ is too many imaginings to be flesh and blood,]","prefix":" open like a gutted fish nothing is what it was * ","exact":"she","suffix":" is too many imaginings to be flesh and blood,","offset":26579,"length":3},{"detection":"[Mine knew. As soon as possible I always told ]her[, if you ever want to, I won\u2019t mind. I wasn\u2019t]","prefix":"Mine knew. As soon as possible I always told ","exact":"her","suffix":", if you ever want to, I won\u2019t mind. I wasn\u2019t","offset":26970,"length":3},{"detection":"[ natural. Origins. That kind of thing. See me and ]her[ there is no mother and daughter more similar. W]","prefix":" natural. Origins. That kind of thing. See me and ","exact":"her","suffix":" there is no mother and daughter more similar. W","offset":27147,"length":3},{"detection":"[the wavelength so we are. Right away I know if ]she[\u2019s upset. And vice versa. Closer than bloodj]","prefix":"the wavelength so we are. Right away I know if ","exact":"she","suffix":"\u2019s upset. And vice versa. Closer than bloodj","offset":27255,"length":3},{"detection":"[The birds began their ritual blether I wrapped ]her[ up in purple wrapping paper And threw her down]","prefix":"The birds began their ritual blether I wrapped ","exact":"her","suffix":" up in purple wrapping paper And threw her down","offset":27428,"length":3},{"detection":"[her up in purple wrapping paper And threw ]her[ down the old well near here. 37 ■0 \n￼O- Kay]","prefix":"her up in purple wrapping paper And threw ","exact":"her","suffix":" down the old well near here. 37 ■0 \n￼O- Kay","offset":27470,"length":3},{"detection":"[her down the old well near here. 37 ■0 \n￼O- ]Kay[ 28/7/91 9:32 pm Page 38 There was no sound, it\u2019s]","prefix":"her down the old well near here. 37 ■0 \n￼O- ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 28/7/91 9:32 pm Page 38 There was no sound, it\u2019s","offset":27514,"length":3},{"detection":"[was no sound, it\u2019s no longer In use - years - ]she[\u2019s been in my drawer Faded now, she\u2019s not a baby]","prefix":"was no sound, it\u2019s no longer In use - years - ","exact":"she","suffix":"\u2019s been in my drawer Faded now, she\u2019s not a baby","offset":27594,"length":3},{"detection":"[ use - years - she\u2019s been in my drawer Faded now, ]she[\u2019s not a baby any more Still pitch dark. It]","prefix":" use - years - she\u2019s been in my drawer Faded now, ","exact":"she","suffix":"\u2019s not a baby any more Still pitch dark. It","offset":27629,"length":3},{"detection":"[ terror. Going home,the light spilled like water, ]Her[ sister said she'd write me a letter, In the]","prefix":" terror. Going home,the light spilled like water, ","exact":"Her","suffix":" sister said she'd write me a letter, In the","offset":27772,"length":3},{"detection":"[light spilled like water, Her sister said ]she['d write me a letter, In the morning I'm awake]","prefix":"light spilled like water, Her sister said ","exact":"she","suffix":"'d write me a letter, In the morning I'm awake","offset":27788,"length":3},{"detection":"[round my shoulders fantasising the colour of ]her[ paper whether she'll underline First Class or]","prefix":"round my shoulders fantasising the colour of ","exact":"her","suffix":" paper whether she'll underline First Class or","offset":27998,"length":3},{"detection":"[fantasising the colour of her paper whether ]she['ll underline First Class or have a large circle]","prefix":"fantasising the colour of her paper whether ","exact":"she","suffix":"'ll underline First Class or have a large circle","offset":28016,"length":3},{"detection":"[First Class or have a large circle over ]her[ 'Vs. \\ 38 \n￼& \\ SEVERE GALE 8 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 9:05]","prefix":"First Class or have a large circle over ","exact":"her","suffix":" 'Vs. \\ 38 \n￼& \\ SEVERE GALE 8 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 9:05","offset":28073,"length":3},{"detection":"[circle over her 'Vs. \\ 38 \n￼& \\ SEVERE GALE 8 \n￼]Kay[ 30/7/91 9:05 pm Page 40 Severe Gale 8 NHS There]","prefix":"circle over her 'Vs. \\ 38 \n￼& \\ SEVERE GALE 8 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 9:05 pm Page 40 Severe Gale 8 NHS There","offset":28109,"length":3},{"detection":"[almost a dinosaur , ££££ There was no bread so ]she[ told a story until the story told another story]","prefix":"almost a dinosaur , ££££ There was no bread so ","exact":"she","suffix":" told a story until the story told another story","offset":28784,"length":3},{"detection":"[they slept , Cardboard There was no bread; ]she[ collected jet and shaped seagulls, butterflies,]","prefix":"they slept , Cardboard There was no bread; ","exact":"she","suffix":" collected jet and shaped seagulls, butterflies,","offset":29566,"length":3},{"detection":"[wore round their necks or in ears which heard ]her[ music her fantasy in C. This was the decade when]","prefix":"wore round their necks or in ears which heard ","exact":"her","suffix":" music her fantasy in C. This was the decade when","offset":29679,"length":3},{"detection":"[their necks or in ears which heard her music ]her[ fantasy in C. This was the decade when most]","prefix":"their necks or in ears which heard her music ","exact":"her","suffix":" fantasy in C. This was the decade when most","offset":29689,"length":3},{"detection":"[the tower block. The Pound There was no bread; ]she[ made a sculpture using the metal of the cars,]","prefix":"the tower block. The Pound There was no bread; ","exact":"she","suffix":" made a sculpture using the metal of the cars,","offset":30104,"length":3},{"detection":"[were taken by the huge metal lobster and laid \n￼]Kay[ 30/7/91 9:06 pm Page 42 UC out like bodies in a]","prefix":"were taken by the huge metal lobster and laid \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 9:06 pm Page 42 UC out like bodies in a","offset":30452,"length":3},{"detection":"[the,^way down to la la la la laughing. 42 e \n￼]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:52 pm Page 43 e It used to excite me]","prefix":"the,^way down to la la la la laughing. 42 e \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:52 pm Page 43 e It used to excite me","offset":31476,"length":3},{"detection":"[ Nightime again and that soft hysterical laughter ]her[ and her mates gathering for another party}]","prefix":" Nightime again and that soft hysterical laughter ","exact":"her","suffix":" and her mates gathering for another party}","offset":31795,"length":3},{"detection":"[again and that soft hysterical laughter her and ]her[ mates gathering for another party} standing at]","prefix":"again and that soft hysterical laughter her and ","exact":"her","suffix":" mates gathering for another party} standing at","offset":31803,"length":3},{"detection":"[to brew its own storm. I can't scream. ee 43 \n￼]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:53 pm Page 44 My Grandmother's Houses]","prefix":"to brew its own storm. I can't scream. ee 43 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:53 pm Page 44 My Grandmother's Houses","offset":32292,"length":3},{"detection":"[30/7/91 8:53 pm Page 44 My Grandmother's Houses ]She[ is on the second floor of a tenement, From her]","prefix":"30/7/91 8:53 pm Page 44 My Grandmother's Houses ","exact":"She","suffix":" is on the second floor of a tenement, From her","offset":32344,"length":3},{"detection":"[She is on the second floor of a tenement, From ]her[ front room window you see the cemetery. Her]","prefix":"She is on the second floor of a tenement, From ","exact":"her","suffix":" front room window you see the cemetery. Her","offset":32391,"length":3},{"detection":"[ From her front room window you see the cemetery. ]Her[ bedroom is my favourite: newspapers dating back]","prefix":" From her front room window you see the cemetery. ","exact":"Her","suffix":" bedroom is my favourite: newspapers dating back","offset":32435,"length":3},{"detection":"[dating back to the War covering every present ]she['s ever got since the War. What's the point in]","prefix":"dating back to the War covering every present ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s ever got since the War. What's the point in","offset":32521,"length":3},{"detection":"[got since the War. What's the point in buying ]her[ anything my mother moans. Does she use it. Does]","prefix":"got since the War. What's the point in buying ","exact":"her","suffix":" anything my mother moans. Does she use it. Does","offset":32578,"length":3},{"detection":"[in buying her anything my mother moans. Does ]she[ use it. Does she even look at it. I spend hours]","prefix":"in buying her anything my mother moans. Does ","exact":"she","suffix":" use it. Does she even look at it. I spend hours","offset":32613,"length":3},{"detection":"[anything my mother moans. Does she use it. Does ]she[ even look at it. I spend hours unwrapping and]","prefix":"anything my mother moans. Does she use it. Does ","exact":"she","suffix":" even look at it. I spend hours unwrapping and","offset":32630,"length":3},{"detection":"[than the school's obstacle course. High up in ]her[ bed all the print merges together. When she gets]","prefix":"than the school's obstacle course. High up in ","exact":"her","suffix":" bed all the print merges together. When she gets","offset":32929,"length":3},{"detection":"[in her bed all the print merges together. When ]she[ gets the letter she is hopping m ad, What does]","prefix":"in her bed all the print merges together. When ","exact":"she","suffix":" gets the letter she is hopping m ad, What does","offset":32973,"length":3},{"detection":"[print merges together. When she gets the letter ]she[ is hopping m ad, What does she want with]","prefix":"print merges together. When she gets the letter ","exact":"she","suffix":" is hopping m ad, What does she want with","offset":32993,"length":3},{"detection":"[gets the letter she is hopping m ad, What does ]she[ want with anything modern; L\\s .AFshiny new pin?]","prefix":"gets the letter she is hopping m ad, What does ","exact":"she","suffix":" want with anything modern; L\\s .AFshiny new pin?","offset":33024,"length":3},{"detection":"[next door which sells hazelnut toffees and ]her[ Daily Record, Chewing for ages over the front]","prefix":"next door which sells hazelnut toffees and ","exact":"her","suffix":" Daily Record, Chewing for ages over the front","offset":33183,"length":3},{"detection":"[Record, Chewing for ages over the front page^ ]her[ toffees sticking to her false teeth. 2 The new]","prefix":"Record, Chewing for ages over the front page^ ","exact":"her","suffix":" toffees sticking to her false teeth. 2 The new","offset":33239,"length":3},{"detection":"[over the front page^ her toffees sticking to ]her[ false teeth. 2 The new house is called a high]","prefix":"over the front page^ her toffees sticking to ","exact":"her","suffix":" false teeth. 2 The new house is called a high","offset":33263,"length":3},{"detection":"[to 24, Once I get stuck for a whole hour. From ]her[ window you see noisy kids playing hopscotch or]","prefix":"to 24, Once I get stuck for a whole hour. From ","exact":"her","suffix":" window you see noisy kids playing hopscotch or","offset":33400,"length":3},{"detection":"[you see noisy kids playing hopscotch or home. ]She[ makes endless pots of vegetable soup, a big bit]","prefix":"you see noisy kids playing hopscotch or home. ","exact":"She","suffix":" makes endless pots of vegetable soup, a big bit","offset":33457,"length":3},{"detection":"[ of hoch floating inside like a fish Till finally ]she[ gets to like the hot running water in her own]","prefix":" of hoch floating inside like a fish Till finally ","exact":"she","suffix":" gets to like the hot running water in her own","offset":33558,"length":3},{"detection":"[she gets to like the hot running water in ]her[ own bathroom the wall-to-wall foam-backed carpet]","prefix":"she gets to like the hot running water in ","exact":"her","suffix":" own bathroom the wall-to-wall foam-backed carpet","offset":33600,"length":3},{"detection":"[foam-backed carpet the parcels locked in ]her[ air-raid shelter, 44 e \n￼But she still doesn't]","prefix":"foam-backed carpet the parcels locked in ","exact":"her","suffix":" air-raid shelter, 44 e \n￼But she still doesn't","offset":33675,"length":3},{"detection":"[locked in her air-raid shelter, 44 e \n￼But ]she[ still doesn't settle downj even at 70 she cleans]","prefix":"locked in her air-raid shelter, 44 e \n￼But ","exact":"she","suffix":" still doesn't settle downj even at 70 she cleans","offset":33708,"length":3},{"detection":"[\n￼But she still doesn't settle downj even at 70 ]she[ cleans people's houses for ten bob and goes to]","prefix":"\n￼But she still doesn't settle downj even at 70 ","exact":"she","suffix":" cleans people's houses for ten bob and goes to","offset":33750,"length":3},{"detection":"[altar. My parents do not believe. It is down to ]her[. A couple of prayers. A hym n or two. Threepenny]","prefix":"altar. My parents do not believe. It is down to ","exact":"her","suffix":". A couple of prayers. A hym n or two. Threepenny","offset":33954,"length":3},{"detection":"[time I am seven we are almost the same height. ]She[ still walks faster, rushing me down the High]","prefix":"time I am seven we are almost the same height. ","exact":"She","suffix":" still walks faster, rushing me down the High","offset":34240,"length":3},{"detection":"[rushing me down the High Street till we get to ]her[ cleaning house. The hall is huge. Rooms lead off]","prefix":"rushing me down the High Street till we get to ","exact":"her","suffix":" cleaning house. The hall is huge. Rooms lead off","offset":34311,"length":3},{"detection":"[song? Someone's crying my Lord Kumbaya. Lovely, ]she[ says, beautiful child, skin the colour of cafe]","prefix":"song? Someone's crying my Lord Kumbaya. Lovely, ","exact":"she","suffix":" says, beautiful child, skin the colour of cafe","offset":34831,"length":3},{"detection":"[ the colour of cafe au lait. ' Cafe oh what? Hope ]she['s not being any bother, \u2019 Not at all. Not at]","prefix":" the colour of cafe au lait. ' Cafe oh what? Hope ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s not being any bother, \u2019 Not at all. Not at","offset":34912,"length":3},{"detection":"[just get back to your work. On the way back to ]her[ high rise I see her like the hunchback of Notre]","prefix":"just get back to your work. On the way back to ","exact":"her","suffix":" high rise I see her like the hunchback of Notre","offset":35017,"length":3},{"detection":"[work. On the way back to her high rise I see ]her[ like the hunchback of Notre Dame. Everytime I]","prefix":"work. On the way back to her high rise I see ","exact":"her","suffix":" like the hunchback of Notre Dame. Everytime I","offset":35037,"length":3},{"detection":"[of Notre Dame. Everytime I crouch over a comic ]she[ slaps me. Sit up straight. She is on the ground]","prefix":"of Notre Dame. Everytime I crouch over a comic ","exact":"she","suffix":" slaps me. Sit up straight. She is on the ground","offset":35107,"length":3},{"detection":"[over a comic she slaps me. Sit up straight. ]She[ is on the ground floor of a high rise, From her]","prefix":"over a comic she slaps me. Sit up straight. ","exact":"She","suffix":" is on the ground floor of a high rise, From her","offset":35138,"length":3},{"detection":"[She is on the ground floor of a high rise, From ]her[ living-room you see ambulances; screaming their]","prefix":"She is on the ground floor of a high rise, From ","exact":"her","suffix":" living-room you see ambulances; screaming their","offset":35186,"length":3},{"detection":"[shirts that have been washed a million times. \n￼]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 47 I have about ten Italian]","prefix":"shirts that have been washed a million times. \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 47 I have about ten Italian","offset":36562,"length":3},{"detection":"[an umbrella and another madeira cake. O 47 \n￼]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 48 The Perfect Rose It is]","prefix":"an umbrella and another madeira cake. O 47 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 48 The Perfect Rose It is","offset":37196,"length":3},{"detection":"[and laughing; soaked right through. \n￼O- ]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 50 In the Seventh Year (for]","prefix":"and laughing; soaked right through. \n￼O- ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 50 In the Seventh Year (for","offset":39156,"length":3},{"detection":"[this timeless, this changing thing. 50 \n￼]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 51 Photo in the Locket (for]","prefix":"this timeless, this changing thing. 50 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 51 Photo in the Locket (for","offset":39640,"length":3},{"detection":"[a gush till we are both beached up. ■e- 51 \n￼]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:55 pm Page 52 When my family first met]","prefix":"a gush till we are both beached up. ■e- 51 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:55 pm Page 52 When my family first met","offset":40905,"length":3},{"detection":"[ 30/7/91 8:55 pm Page 52 When my family first met ]her[ they thought I was undoing my past through her.]","prefix":" 30/7/91 8:55 pm Page 52 When my family first met ","exact":"her","suffix":" they thought I was undoing my past through her.","offset":40958,"length":3},{"detection":"[her they thought I was undoing my past through ]her[. It's not like that. I love her. Not like I]","prefix":"her they thought I was undoing my past through ","exact":"her","suffix":". It's not like that. I love her. Not like I","offset":41005,"length":3},{"detection":"[my past through her. It's not like that. I love ]her[. Not like I loved Sabena. I love lying next to]","prefix":"my past through her. It's not like that. I love ","exact":"her","suffix":". Not like I loved Sabena. I love lying next to","offset":41037,"length":3},{"detection":"[Not like I loved Sabena. I love lying next to ]her[ the dark of her skin, the pale of mine.]","prefix":"Not like I loved Sabena. I love lying next to ","exact":"her","suffix":" the dark of her skin, the pale of mine.","offset":41088,"length":3},{"detection":"[Sabena. I love lying next to her the dark of ]her[ skin, the pale of mine. Sometimes I want to tell]","prefix":"Sabena. I love lying next to her the dark of ","exact":"her","suffix":" skin, the pale of mine. Sometimes I want to tell","offset":41104,"length":3},{"detection":"[ Sometimes they slipjMtf like falling rocks. 52 \n￼]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:55 pm Page 53 Warning. Landslide. I]","prefix":" Sometimes they slipjMtf like falling rocks. 52 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:55 pm Page 53 Warning. Landslide. I","offset":42266,"length":3},{"detection":"[Page 53 Warning. Landslide. I can't repeat it. ]She['ll repeat it for me. Often. So that 1 don't]","prefix":"Page 53 Warning. Landslide. I can't repeat it. ","exact":"She","suffix":"'ll repeat it for me. Often. So that 1 don't","offset":42333,"length":3},{"detection":"[ I am all that. True. I lived it. Now I live with ]her[. Together. Not as servant and Madam. No. Not]","prefix":" I am all that. True. I lived it. Now I live with ","exact":"her","suffix":". Together. Not as servant and Madam. No. Not","offset":42535,"length":3},{"detection":"[and Madam. No. Not like that, I don't believe ]her[. As lovers, as lovers, as lovers. Words chase me]","prefix":"and Madam. No. Not like that, I don't believe ","exact":"her","suffix":". As lovers, as lovers, as lovers. Words chase me","offset":42611,"length":3},{"detection":"[ you eat shit for your ancestors? It's better for ]her[ now down here in London. Yet still with her]","prefix":" you eat shit for your ancestors? It's better for ","exact":"her","suffix":" now down here in London. Yet still with her","offset":43061,"length":3},{"detection":"[for her now down here in London. Yet still with ]her[ friends I shake a little when I'm pouring tea.]","prefix":"for her now down here in London. Yet still with ","exact":"her","suffix":" friends I shake a little when I'm pouring tea.","offset":43105,"length":3},{"detection":"[where no eyes watch like marbles. Tonight while ]she[ sleeps I lie thinking of home. I miss the land.]","prefix":"where no eyes watch like marbles. Tonight while ","exact":"she","suffix":" sleeps I lie thinking of home. I miss the land.","offset":43356,"length":3},{"detection":"[friend. We were brought up on different worlds: ]she[ on mince and potatoes\\ Drizzkj fridges; me on]","prefix":"friend. We were brought up on different worlds: ","exact":"she","suffix":" on mince and potatoes\\ Drizzkj fridges; me on","offset":43686,"length":3},{"detection":"[away. Sometime ago I opened my trunk and showed ]her[ a photo of Sabena. Then it all came out. M y]","prefix":"away. Sometime ago I opened my trunk and showed ","exact":"her","suffix":" a photo of Sabena. Then it all came out. M y","offset":44369,"length":3},{"detection":"[ like some huge waterfall - giggling and howling. ]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:55 pm Page 54 54 -e \n￼Dance of the]","prefix":" like some huge waterfall - giggling and howling. ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:55 pm Page 54 54 -e \n￼Dance of the","offset":44578,"length":3},{"detection":"[dream I won't have to wait for you up there \n￼]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:56 pm Page 56 I'll have you night]","prefix":"dream I won't have to wait for you up there \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:56 pm Page 56 I'll have you night","offset":45528,"length":3},{"detection":"[my palm me saying you're all right son \n￼e ]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:56 pm Page 58 Everything is all messed]","prefix":"my palm me saying you're all right son \n￼e ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:56 pm Page 58 Everything is all messed","offset":48992,"length":3},{"detection":"[was it?) It doesn't seem that long ago. 58 e \n￼]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:57 pm Page 62 -e Mtimmy and Donor and]","prefix":"was it?) It doesn't seem that long ago. 58 e \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:57 pm Page 62 -e Mtimmy and Donor and","offset":49379,"length":3},{"detection":"[Deirdre has hair the colour of that tree. ]She[ helps people with no money. I don't think we'll]","prefix":"Deirdre has hair the colour of that tree. ","exact":"She","suffix":" helps people with no money. I don't think we'll","offset":49986,"length":3},{"detection":"[Libre. Wine's bad with sperm apparently. 62 \n￼]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:57 pm Page 63 I told Tunde some kids]","prefix":"Libre. Wine's bad with sperm apparently. 62 \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:57 pm Page 63 I told Tunde some kids","offset":50696,"length":3},{"detection":"[my breath short and fast like my wife's when ]she['s knitting. Snip snap. I've tried to tell her as]","prefix":"my breath short and fast like my wife's when ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s knitting. Snip snap. I've tried to tell her as","offset":51466,"length":3},{"detection":"[she's knitting. Snip snap. I've tried to tell ]her[ as many times as I've been down this mine. I]","prefix":"she's knitting. Snip snap. I've tried to tell ","exact":"her","suffix":" as many times as I've been down this mine. I","offset":51512,"length":3},{"detection":"[been down this mine. I can't bring myself to, ]she['d tell our girls most probably. It doesn't bear]","prefix":"been down this mine. I can't bring myself to, ","exact":"she","suffix":"'d tell our girls most probably. It doesn't bear","offset":51584,"length":3},{"detection":"[when I'm down here I work fast so it hurts , 66 ]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:58 pm Page 66 \\ ^ W & \n￼DressingUp]","prefix":"when I'm down here I work fast so it hurts , 66 ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:58 pm Page 66 \\ ^ W & \n￼DressingUp","offset":52667,"length":3},{"detection":"[ma music up top blast. I told ma ma years ago. ]She['d rather I murdered somebody than that. She w]","prefix":"ma music up top blast. I told ma ma years ago. ","exact":"She","suffix":"'d rather I murdered somebody than that. She w","offset":52947,"length":3},{"detection":"[ ago. She'd rather I murdered somebody than that. ]She[ w asn't joking either. Nobody gets hurt, it's]","prefix":" ago. She'd rather I murdered somebody than that. ","exact":"She","suffix":" w asn't joking either. Nobody gets hurt, it's","offset":52991,"length":3},{"detection":"[boa - bright fucking red , Ma ma didn't touch ]her[ turkey, Finally she said What did I do} I know]","prefix":"boa - bright fucking red , Ma ma didn't touch ","exact":"her","suffix":" turkey, Finally she said What did I do} I know","offset":53386,"length":3},{"detection":"[red , Ma ma didn't touch her turkey, Finally ]she[ said What did I do} I know what they call you,]","prefix":"red , Ma ma didn't touch her turkey, Finally ","exact":"she","suffix":" said What did I do} I know what they call you,","offset":53406,"length":3},{"detection":"[call you, transvite, tou lookabloodymessyoudo, ]She[ had a black eye, a navy dress. \n￼I try my]","prefix":"call you, transvite, tou lookabloodymessyoudo, ","exact":"She","suffix":" had a black eye, a navy dress. \n￼I try my","offset":53494,"length":3},{"detection":"[Monster Munch and Mars Bars down them. \n￼]Kay[ 30/7/91 8:59 pm Page 70 My youngest son even ate]","prefix":"Monster Munch and Mars Bars down them. \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 8:59 pm Page 70 My youngest son even ate","offset":54860,"length":3},{"detection":"[o'clock you say. Sooner than they thought. \n￼]Kay[ 30/7/91 9:39 pm Page 72 Whilst Leila Sleeps I am]","prefix":"o'clock you say. Sooner than they thought. \n￼","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 9:39 pm Page 72 Whilst Leila Sleeps I am","offset":56182,"length":3},{"detection":"[Peter, Peter is all right. Peter loves me. 74 ]Kay[ 30/7/91 9:16 pm Page 74 \n￼MM,. And ever so]","prefix":"Peter, Peter is all right. Peter loves me. 74 ","exact":"Kay","suffix":" 30/7/91 9:16 pm Page 74 \n￼MM,. And ever so","offset":59283,"length":3},{"detection":"[down lock by lock, bone by bone; trying to put ]her[ together again, There was a couple of things I]","prefix":"down lock by lock, bone by bone; trying to put ","exact":"her","suffix":" together again, There was a couple of things I","offset":59394,"length":3},{"detection":"[the date my baby was bom only the day in autumn ]she[ died; in the black car on the 8th of October the]","prefix":"the date my baby was bom only the day in autumn ","exact":"she","suffix":" died; in the black car on the 8th of October the","offset":59553,"length":3}],"relevance":0.734},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/034dc120-a3c0-3f82-8e8c-9f3af83aa7f4":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"social worker","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[ a line: MOTHER DROWNS BABY IN THE CLYDE November ]The social worker[ phoned > our baby is a girl but not healthy she]","prefix":" a line: MOTHER DROWNS BABY IN THE CLYDE November ","exact":"The social worker","suffix":" phoned > our baby is a girl but not healthy she","offset":9466,"length":17}],"relevance":0.3},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/5a59dc46-916c-36f6-8b57-1518bab5bb8d":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"queen","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[on dying You self-pitying wretch, pathetic ]queen[. He pushes me; we roll on the floor like]","prefix":"on dying You self-pitying wretch, pathetic ","exact":"queen","suffix":". He pushes me; we roll on the floor like","offset":45808,"length":5}],"relevance":0.098},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/84dccb60-5afd-30dd-9d2d-5fcc1af70d0c":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Currency","name":"GBP","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Currency","instances":[{"detection":"[Went Close Shave \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 8 ]£7[ G7 7 0 ~~l| ~>i Dressing Up Bed from the W indow]","prefix":"Went Close Shave \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 8 ","exact":"£7","suffix":" G7 7 0 ~~l| ~>i Dressing Up Bed from the W indow","offset":3412,"length":2},{"detection":"[falling into debt > when between them they owed ]£47 billion[, tankers sat counting the numbers all this gold]","prefix":"falling into debt > when between them they owed ","exact":"£47 billion","suffix":", tankers sat counting the numbers all this gold","offset":29027,"length":11}],"relevance":0.373},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/2da3e2cd-1d87-3ac3-87bf-0211b3b12764":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Facility","name":"Turret Books","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Facility","instances":[{"detection":"[and some in a pamphlet, That Distance Apart (]Turret Books[, 1991). Acknowledgements are also due to the]","prefix":"and some in a pamphlet, That Distance Apart (","exact":"Turret Books","suffix":", 1991). Acknowledgements are also due to the","offset":1448,"length":12}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/056ac0f1-6bbd-3b3a-8e0e-6fac991fc0a0":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"headmaster","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[primary 7stops us, Names? I'll report you to ]the headmaster[ tomorrow. But Miss. Save it for Mr Thompson she]","prefix":"primary 7stops us, Names? I'll report you to ","exact":"the headmaster","suffix":" tomorrow. But Miss. Save it for Mr Thompson she","offset":16548,"length":14}],"relevance":0.28},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/5c84a4f0-41b3-38d6-8002-61fa53a84131":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Louise Roscoe","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Louise Roscoe","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[and criticism. And a special thank you to ]Louise Roscoe[ for her fine ear and sharp eye. \n￼Contents THE]","prefix":"and criticism. And a special thank you to ","exact":"Louise Roscoe","suffix":" for her fine ear and sharp eye. \n￼Contents THE","offset":2526,"length":13},{"detection":"[And a special thank you to Louise Roscoe for ]her[ fine ear and sharp eye. \n￼Contents THE ADOPTION]","prefix":"And a special thank you to Louise Roscoe for ","exact":"her","suffix":" fine ear and sharp eye. \n￼Contents THE ADOPTION","offset":2544,"length":3},{"detection":"[ 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 50 In the Seventh Year (for ]Louise[) Our sea is still mysterious as morning mist its]","prefix":" 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 50 In the Seventh Year (for ","exact":"Louise","suffix":") Our sea is still mysterious as morning mist its","offset":39209,"length":6},{"detection":"[ 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 51 Photo in the Locket (for ]Louise[) I There are things I don't tell her private]","prefix":" 30/7/91 8:54 pm Page 51 Photo in the Locket (for ","exact":"Louise","suffix":") I There are things I don't tell her private","offset":39693,"length":6},{"detection":"[(for Louise) I There are things I don't tell ]her[ private things, a garnet necklace slipped]","prefix":"(for Louise) I There are things I don't tell ","exact":"her","suffix":" private things, a garnet necklace slipped","offset":39733,"length":3},{"detection":"[me/an African name writes letters often; once ]she[ sent one with a spicy bun, a can of black grape]","prefix":"me/an African name writes letters often; once ","exact":"she","suffix":" sent one with a spicy bun, a can of black grape","offset":39876,"length":3},{"detection":"[bun, a can of black grape and an old photo of ]her[ and her sister - two black girls side by side in]","prefix":"bun, a can of black grape and an old photo of ","exact":"her","suffix":" and her sister - two black girls side by side in","offset":39948,"length":3},{"detection":"[ a can of black grape and an old photo of her and ]her[ sister - two black girls side by side in]","prefix":" a can of black grape and an old photo of her and ","exact":"her","suffix":" sister - two black girls side by side in","offset":39956,"length":3},{"detection":"[trunk. Inside: Sabena, my nanny, my mother ]her[ long black fingers shine like reefs lit by]","prefix":"trunk. Inside: Sabena, my nanny, my mother ","exact":"her","suffix":" long black fingers shine like reefs lit by","offset":40296,"length":3},{"detection":"[ We can only meet here in bed \u2014 my fingers inside ]her[ high tide, she making a rivulet run through me]","prefix":" We can only meet here in bed \u2014 my fingers inside ","exact":"her","suffix":" high tide, she making a rivulet run through me","offset":40798,"length":3},{"detection":"[here in bed \u2014 my fingers inside her high tide, ]she[ making a rivulet run through me in a rush, a]","prefix":"here in bed \u2014 my fingers inside her high tide, ","exact":"she","suffix":" making a rivulet run through me in a rush, a","offset":40813,"length":3}],"relevance":0.445},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/fd445b83-4c74-3d7b-aa6c-d09fec46b868":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"PublishedMedium","name":"Spare Rib","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/PublishedMedium","instances":[{"detection":"[1990), Poetry Review, Poetry Wales, Tht KMFT, ]Spare Rib[, Sunk Island Review, Ti (Pi) International]","prefix":"1990), Poetry Review, Poetry Wales, Tht KMFT, ","exact":"Spare Rib","suffix":", Sunk Island Review, Ti (Pi) International","offset":1871,"length":9}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/c1112a43-7037-3a02-9c4d-1f7b80e28ad9":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Thompson","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Thompson","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[the headmaster tomorrow. But Miss. Save it for ]Mr Thompson[ she says (0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 28 My]","prefix":"the headmaster tomorrow. But Miss. Save it for ","exact":"Mr Thompson","suffix":" she says (0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 28 My","offset":16595,"length":11},{"detection":"[that hot glare; my hand would sweat down to ]his[ bone, Finally, alone, we\u2019d melt nothing, nothing]","prefix":"that hot glare; my hand would sweat down to ","exact":"his","suffix":" bone, Finally, alone, we\u2019d melt nothing, nothing","offset":18920,"length":3},{"detection":"[alone, we\u2019d melt nothing, nothing would matter ]He[ never saw her. I looked for him in her; for a]","prefix":"alone, we\u2019d melt nothing, nothing would matter ","exact":"He","suffix":" never saw her. I looked for him in her; for a","offset":18986,"length":2},{"detection":"[would matter He never saw her. I looked for ]him[ in her; for a second it was as if he was there]","prefix":"would matter He never saw her. I looked for ","exact":"him","suffix":" in her; for a second it was as if he was there","offset":19017,"length":3},{"detection":"[ looked for him in her; for a second it was as if ]he[ was there in that glass cot looking back through]","prefix":" looked for him in her; for a second it was as if ","exact":"he","suffix":" was there in that glass cot looking back through","offset":19055,"length":2},{"detection":"[phoney lies. My dad says it's a set up. I asked ]him[ if she'll get the electric chair like them]","prefix":"phoney lies. My dad says it's a set up. I asked ","exact":"him","suffix":" if she'll get the electric chair like them","offset":20168,"length":3},{"detection":"[get the electric chair like them Roseberries ]he[ was telling me about. No he says the world is on]","prefix":"get the electric chair like them Roseberries ","exact":"he","suffix":" was telling me about. No he says the world is on","offset":20227,"length":2},{"detection":"[them Roseberries he was telling me about. No ]he[ says the world is on her side. Well how come]","prefix":"them Roseberries he was telling me about. No ","exact":"he","suffix":" says the world is on her side. Well how come","offset":20255,"length":2},{"detection":"[My dad says she'll be putting on a brave face. ]He[ brought me a badge home which I wore to school.]","prefix":"My dad says she'll be putting on a brave face. ","exact":"He","suffix":" brought me a badge home which I wore to school.","offset":20458,"length":2}],"relevance":0.345},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/48418b2b-e9db-3573-9614-d0e6541ecee6":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"City","name":"Worcester","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/City","instances":[{"detection":"[in Great Britain by Billing & Sons Limited, ]Worcester[. \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 5 -0- For my mother,]","prefix":"in Great Britain by Billing & Sons Limited, ","exact":"Worcester","suffix":". \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 5 -0- For my mother,","offset":846,"length":9}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/4b0ceb33-9fcb-3f7f-a260-0adebdda41ed":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Beverley Innes","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Beverley Innes","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[ a part even thought I've been acting longer than ]Beverley Innes[. So I have. Honest. Olubayo was the colour of]","prefix":" a part even thought I've been acting longer than ","exact":"Beverley Innes","suffix":". So I have. Honest. Olubayo was the colour of","offset":18701,"length":14},{"detection":"[melt nothing, nothing would matter He never saw ]her[. I looked for him in her; for a second it was as]","prefix":"melt nothing, nothing would matter He never saw ","exact":"her","suffix":". I looked for him in her; for a second it was as","offset":18999,"length":3},{"detection":"[matter He never saw her. I looked for him in ]her[; for a second it was as if he was there in that]","prefix":"matter He never saw her. I looked for him in ","exact":"her","suffix":"; for a second it was as if he was there in that","offset":19024,"length":3},{"detection":"[ was there in that glass cot looking back through ]her[. On my bedroom wall is a big poster of Angela]","prefix":" was there in that glass cot looking back through ","exact":"her","suffix":". On my bedroom wall is a big poster of Angela","offset":19107,"length":3},{"detection":"[ is in prison right now for nothing at all except ]she[ wouldn't put up with stuff. My mum says she is]","prefix":" is in prison right now for nothing at all except ","exact":"she","suffix":" wouldn't put up with stuff. My mum says she is","offset":19216,"length":3},{"detection":"[she wouldn't put up with stuff. My mum says ]she[ is only 26 which seems really old to me but my]","prefix":"she wouldn't put up with stuff. My mum says ","exact":"she","suffix":" is only 26 which seems really old to me but my","offset":19260,"length":3},{"detection":"[ but my mum says it is young 29 \n￼e just imagine, ]she[ says, being on America's Ten Most Wanted]","prefix":" but my mum says it is young 29 \n￼e just imagine, ","exact":"she","suffix":" says, being on America's Ten Most Wanted","offset":19353,"length":3}],"relevance":0.416},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/b83fa5fa-c4fa-36bf-b034-1c88ed5c5792":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Region","name":"South Africa","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Region","instances":[{"detection":"[flew to Nicaragua Libre to the Soviet Unionjto ]South Africa[ just in time to see a'man who no longer looked]","prefix":"flew to Nicaragua Libre to the Soviet Unionjto ","exact":"South Africa","suffix":" just in time to see a'man who no longer looked","offset":31076,"length":12}],"relevance":0.208},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/2bc3393b-ccf8-3d00-9d7c-2df751003921":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Leila Sleeps","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Leila Sleeps","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[thought. \n￼Kay 30/7/91 9:39 pm Page 72 Whilst ]Leila Sleeps[ I am moving in the dead of night packing things,]","prefix":"thought. \n￼Kay 30/7/91 9:39 pm Page 72 Whilst ","exact":"Leila Sleeps","suffix":" I am moving in the dead of night packing things,","offset":56217,"length":12},{"detection":"[ fish nets, I want to be in my mother's house but ]she[ is all the way over the other side of the world.]","prefix":" fish nets, I want to be in my mother's house but ","exact":"she","suffix":" is all the way over the other side of the world.","offset":56374,"length":3},{"detection":"[Boxes; I can't see out of the back window. ]Leila[ is a bundle in her car seat. Her small mouth]","prefix":"Boxes; I can't see out of the back window. ","exact":"Leila","suffix":" is a bundle in her car seat. Her small mouth","offset":56470,"length":5},{"detection":"[ see out of the back window. Leila is a bundle in ]her[ car seat. Her small mouth hanging open. Maybe it]","prefix":" see out of the back window. Leila is a bundle in ","exact":"her","suffix":" car seat. Her small mouth hanging open. Maybe it","offset":56491,"length":3},{"detection":"[back window. Leila is a bundle in her car seat. ]Her[ small mouth hanging open. Maybe it is not]","prefix":"back window. Leila is a bundle in her car seat. ","exact":"Her","suffix":" small mouth hanging open. Maybe it is not","offset":56505,"length":3},{"detection":"[left but to go with the men in plain suits. ]Leila[ stirs and opens her eyes wide. I try and say]","prefix":"left but to go with the men in plain suits. ","exact":"Leila","suffix":" stirs and opens her eyes wide. I try and say","offset":56979,"length":5},{"detection":"[the men in plain suits. Leila stirs and opens ]her[ eyes wide. I try and say something to soothe. My]","prefix":"the men in plain suits. Leila stirs and opens ","exact":"her","suffix":" eyes wide. I try and say something to soothe. My","offset":57001,"length":3},{"detection":"[for. There is a need to worry. I cannot lie to ]her[. The night dreams m y terror; a slow light tails]","prefix":"for. There is a need to worry. I cannot lie to ","exact":"her","suffix":". The night dreams m y terror; a slow light tails","offset":57184,"length":3},{"detection":"[m y terror; a slow light tails the fast car; ]Leila[ tugs at my coat. I whisper her cradle song and]","prefix":"m y terror; a slow light tails the fast car; ","exact":"Leila","suffix":" tugs at my coat. I whisper her cradle song and","offset":57251,"length":5},{"detection":"[the fast car; Leila tugs at my coat. I whisper ]her[ cradle song and she holds on. 72 e \n￼The]","prefix":"the fast car; Leila tugs at my coat. I whisper ","exact":"her","suffix":" cradle song and she holds on. 72 e \n￼The","offset":57284,"length":3},{"detection":"[tugs at my coat. I whisper her cradle song and ]she[ holds on. 72 e \n￼The Underground Baby Case 1]","prefix":"tugs at my coat. I whisper her cradle song and ","exact":"she","suffix":" holds on. 72 e \n￼The Underground Baby Case 1","offset":57304,"length":3},{"detection":"[underground on the Victoria Line, a mother and ]her[ bags of digestives, disposables disprin]","prefix":"underground on the Victoria Line, a mother and ","exact":"her","suffix":" bags of digestives, disposables disprin","offset":57463,"length":3},{"detection":"[ remember » Little Red. Puff puff. King's Horses. ]Her[ with the dreadful long hair. 3 Today when Peter]","prefix":" remember » Little Red. Puff puff. King's Horses. ","exact":"Her","suffix":" with the dreadful long hair. 3 Today when Peter","offset":58430,"length":3},{"detection":"[since the day his mother gave him to me really.]she[ must have wanted me to have him - pernaps she]","prefix":"since the day his mother gave him to me really.","exact":"she","suffix":" must have wanted me to have him - pernaps she","offset":58667,"length":3},{"detection":"[must have wanted me to have him - pernaps ]she[ planned it for weeks, following me about, picked]","prefix":"must have wanted me to have him - pernaps ","exact":"she","suffix":" planned it for weeks, following me about, picked","offset":58713,"length":3},{"detection":"[will understand. I have not watched TV for fear ]she[ will appear, her long ropes of hair. 5 I would]","prefix":"will understand. I have not watched TV for fear ","exact":"she","suffix":" will appear, her long ropes of hair. 5 I would","offset":58985,"length":3},{"detection":"[I have not watched TV for fear she will appear, ]her[ long ropes of hair. 5 I would arrive at her]","prefix":"I have not watched TV for fear she will appear, ","exact":"her","suffix":" long ropes of hair. 5 I would arrive at her","offset":59002,"length":3},{"detection":"[her long ropes of hair. 5 I would arrive at ]her[ house, I would take my basket of fruit. Inside:]","prefix":"her long ropes of hair. 5 I would arrive at ","exact":"her","suffix":" house, I would take my basket of fruit. Inside:","offset":59046,"length":3},{"detection":"[everywhere like memories. I would climb up ]her[ hair. And uncover her ear. I would whisper]","prefix":"everywhere like memories. I would climb up ","exact":"her","suffix":" hair. And uncover her ear. I would whisper","offset":59190,"length":3},{"detection":"[ memories. I would climb up her hair. And uncover ]her[ ear. I would whisper Peter, Peter is all right.]","prefix":" memories. I would climb up her hair. And uncover ","exact":"her","suffix":" ear. I would whisper Peter, Peter is all right.","offset":59212,"length":3}],"relevance":0.173},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/72dbb180-b275-37bb-afc3-2fa8b11ef8b1":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Adam Carrington","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Adam Carrington","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[me that\u2019s hurt. Tonight I cried watching bloody ]Adam Carrington[ discover he\u2019s not a Carrington any more. Daft]","prefix":"me that\u2019s hurt. Tonight I cried watching bloody ","exact":"Adam Carrington","suffix":" discover he\u2019s not a Carrington any more. Daft","offset":25018,"length":15},{"detection":"[ I cried watching bloody Adam Carrington discover ]he[\u2019s not a Carrington any more. Daft Getting myself]","prefix":" I cried watching bloody Adam Carrington discover ","exact":"he","suffix":"\u2019s not a Carrington any more. Daft Getting myself","offset":25043,"length":2},{"detection":"[bloody Adam Carrington discover he\u2019s not a ]Carrington[ any more. Daft Getting myself into a tizzy. 00]","prefix":"bloody Adam Carrington discover he\u2019s not a ","exact":"Carrington","suffix":" any more. Daft Getting myself into a tizzy. 00","offset":25054,"length":10},{"detection":"[ pm Page 40 Severe Gale 8 NHS There was no bread; ]he[ painted the sky in oils - the clouds flushed]","prefix":" pm Page 40 Severe Gale 8 NHS There was no bread; ","exact":"he","suffix":" painted the sky in oils - the clouds flushed","offset":28175,"length":2},{"detection":"[the sky in oils - the clouds flushed with ]his[ passion the trees sang like it was going out of]","prefix":"the sky in oils - the clouds flushed with ","exact":"his","suffix":" passion the trees sang like it was going out of","offset":28228,"length":3},{"detection":"[in time to see a'man who no longer looked like ]his[ picture get released) after 27 years they sang]","prefix":"in time to see a'man who no longer looked like ","exact":"his","suffix":" picture get released) after 27 years they sang","offset":31141,"length":3},{"detection":"[they learned on the way there . They brought ]him[ a turtle dove and took their leave , When they]","prefix":"they learned on the way there . They brought ","exact":"him","suffix":" a turtle dove and took their leave , When they","offset":31248,"length":3},{"detection":"[peers down from a farmhouse on a hill. Bambino? ]He[ shouts Venga venga, are you mad? Inside the]","prefix":"peers down from a farmhouse on a hill. Bambino? ","exact":"He","suffix":" shouts Venga venga, are you mad? Inside the","offset":36304,"length":2},{"detection":"[have about ten Italian words. That is your son. ]He[ was drowned. Five years ago? I don't know how to]","prefix":"have about ten Italian words. That is your son. ","exact":"He","suffix":" was drowned. Five years ago? I don't know how to","offset":36640,"length":2}],"relevance":0.264},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/95f040a2-db1a-3ff7-bd62-7da58a52300e":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"PublishedMedium","name":"City Limits","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/PublishedMedium","instances":[{"detection":"[Bete Noire, The Black Scholar (USA), Chapman, ]City Limits[, Cond  itions (USA), Critical Quarterly,]","prefix":"Bete Noire, The Black Scholar (USA), Chapman, ","exact":"City Limits","suffix":", Cond  itions (USA), Critical Quarterly,","offset":1682,"length":11}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/0b5d9140-5c76-3a12-80d2-35383a50aab2":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"detective","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[down from the kitchen I left a bust of Burns my ]detective[ stories and the Complete Works of Shelley She]","prefix":"down from the kitchen I left a bust of Burns my ","exact":"detective","suffix":" stories and the Complete Works of Shelley She","offset":8265,"length":9}],"relevance":0.301},"http://d.opencalais.com/comphash-1/cd27bf45-b6a4-38d0-b743-daa74015a2dd":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Company","name":"Tyne Tees Television","nationality":"N/A","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Company","instances":[{"detection":"[on The Bandung File (Channel Four), Wordworks (]Tyne Tees Television[), Time for Verse (BBC Radio 4), and on the Open]","prefix":"on The Bandung File (Channel Four), Wordworks (","exact":"Tyne Tees Television","suffix":"), Time for Verse (BBC Radio 4), and on the Open","offset":1167,"length":20}],"relevance":0.304,"resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/company/ralg-tr1r/b8743c14-2b5a-30d1-b2bd-25069302fa4c","score":1,"name":"ITV PLC","shortname":"ITV","ticker":"ITV","symbol":"ITV.L"}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/d4809657-6f67-347c-b2df-28cefa5c5496":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Helen Kay","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Helen Kay","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[\n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 5 -0- For my mother, ]Helen Kay[ e- e- 0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 6 *]","prefix":"\n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 5 -0- For my mother, ","exact":"Helen Kay","suffix":" e- e- 0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 6 *","offset":905,"length":9},{"detection":"[Ann Duffy, Audre Lorde, Frances Anne Soloman, ]Helen[ and John Kay for their encouragement and]","prefix":"Ann Duffy, Audre Lorde, Frances Anne Soloman, ","exact":"Helen","suffix":" and John Kay for their encouragement and","offset":2441,"length":5}],"relevance":0.306},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/b4c62c4a-791f-3163-ba33-82d4c6bc5a6d":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Angela Davis","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Angela Davis","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[her. On my bedroom wall is a big poster of ]Angela Davis[ who is in prison right now for nothing at all]","prefix":"her. On my bedroom wall is a big poster of ","exact":"Angela Davis","suffix":" who is in prison right now for nothing at all","offset":19150,"length":12},{"detection":"[Ten Most Wanted People's List at 26! I can't. ]Angela Davis[ is the only female person I've seen (except for]","prefix":"Ten Most Wanted People's List at 26! I can't. ","exact":"Angela Davis","suffix":" is the only female person I've seen (except for","offset":19428,"length":12},{"detection":"[(except for a nurse on TV) who looks like me. ]She[ had big hair like mine that grows out instead of]","prefix":"(except for a nurse on TV) who looks like me. ","exact":"She","suffix":" had big hair like mine that grows out instead of","offset":19523,"length":3},{"detection":"[it's called an Afro. If I could be as brave as ]her[ when I get older I'll be OK. Last night I kissed]","prefix":"it's called an Afro. If I could be as brave as ","exact":"her","suffix":" when I get older I'll be OK. Last night I kissed","offset":19641,"length":3},{"detection":"[ when I get older I'll be OK. Last night I kissed ]her[ goodnight again and wondered if she could feel]","prefix":" when I get older I'll be OK. Last night I kissed ","exact":"her","suffix":" goodnight again and wondered if she could feel","offset":19694,"length":3},{"detection":"[I kissed her goodnight again and wondered if ]she[ could feel the kisses in prison all the way from]","prefix":"I kissed her goodnight again and wondered if ","exact":"she","suffix":" could feel the kisses in prison all the way from","offset":19730,"length":3},{"detection":"[the kisses in prison all the way from Scotland. ]Her[ skin is the same too you know. I can see my skin]","prefix":"the kisses in prison all the way from Scotland. ","exact":"Her","suffix":" skin is the same too you know. I can see my skin","offset":19793,"length":3},{"detection":"[like this? as if I'm somebody else. I wonder if ]she[ does that. e I don't believe she killed anybody.]","prefix":"like this? as if I'm somebody else. I wonder if ","exact":"she","suffix":" does that. e I don't believe she killed anybody.","offset":20047,"length":3},{"detection":"[I wonder if she does that. e I don't believe ]she[ killed anybody. It is all a load of phoney lies.]","prefix":"I wonder if she does that. e I don't believe ","exact":"she","suffix":" killed anybody. It is all a load of phoney lies.","offset":20080,"length":3},{"detection":"[lies. My dad says it's a set up. I asked him if ]she['ll get the electric chair like them Roseberries]","prefix":"lies. My dad says it's a set up. I asked him if ","exact":"she","suffix":"'ll get the electric chair like them Roseberries","offset":20175,"length":3},{"detection":"[ was telling me about. No he says the world is on ]her[ side. Well how come she's in there then I]","prefix":" was telling me about. No he says the world is on ","exact":"her","suffix":" side. Well how come she's in there then I","offset":20279,"length":3},{"detection":"[he says the world is on her side. Well how come ]she['s in there then I thinks. I worry she's going to]","prefix":"he says the world is on her side. Well how come ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s in there then I thinks. I worry she's going to","offset":20303,"length":3},{"detection":"[how come she's in there then I thinks. I worry ]she['s going to get the chair. I worry she's worrying]","prefix":"how come she's in there then I thinks. I worry ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s going to get the chair. I worry she's worrying","offset":20341,"length":3},{"detection":"[I worry she's going to get the chair. I worry ]she['s worrying about the chair. My dad says she'll]","prefix":"I worry she's going to get the chair. I worry ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s worrying about the chair. My dad says she'll","offset":20379,"length":3},{"detection":"[she's worrying about the chair. My dad says ]she['ll be putting on a brave face. He brought me a]","prefix":"she's worrying about the chair. My dad says ","exact":"she","suffix":"'ll be putting on a brave face. He brought me a","offset":20423,"length":3},{"detection":"[FREE ANGELA DAVIS. And all my pals says 'Who's ]she[?' 30 Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 30 e \n￼PART THREE:]","prefix":"FREE ANGELA DAVIS. And all my pals says 'Who's ","exact":"she","suffix":"?' 30 Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 30 e \n￼PART THREE:","offset":20564,"length":3}],"relevance":0.42},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/24375a71-c265-3a9d-ad32-c9734d847e2d":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"RadioStation","name":"BBC Radio 4","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/RadioStation","instances":[{"detection":"[(Tyne Tees Television), Time for Verse (]BBC Radio 4[), and on the Open University programme]","prefix":"(Tyne Tees Television), Time for Verse (","exact":"BBC Radio 4","suffix":"), and on the Open University programme","offset":1206,"length":11}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/2dce41d7-2639-3d0d-bc14-d58fabe39b75":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"NaturalFeature","name":"North Sea","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/NaturalFeature","instances":[{"detection":"[sea would that be? The Black Sea. The Red Sea. ]The North Sea[. I am running somewhere by the Baltic Sea; my]","prefix":"sea would that be? The Black Sea. The Red Sea. ","exact":"The North Sea","suffix":". I am running somewhere by the Baltic Sea; my","offset":47428,"length":13}],"relevance":0.086},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/df74cc60-af38-3aba-b9ec-7db9e7e7c562":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"brother-in-law","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[ * once when my wife's sister died once when Jjef ]brother-in-law[ committed suicide. She left our daughters behind]","prefix":" * once when my wife's sister died once when Jjef ","exact":"brother-in-law","suffix":" committed suicide. She left our daughters behind","offset":52125,"length":14}],"relevance":0.059},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/caa3902b-5cd9-3b15-8422-7d6b6ccd41a8":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Carol Ann Duffy","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Carol Ann Duffy","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[ thank Kathryn Perry, Wendy Young, Fred D'Aguiar, ]Carol Ann Duffy[, Audre Lorde, Frances Anne Soloman, Helen and]","prefix":" thank Kathryn Perry, Wendy Young, Fred D'Aguiar, ","exact":"Carol Ann Duffy","suffix":", Audre Lorde, Frances Anne Soloman, Helen and","offset":2389,"length":15}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/090d64fb-3808-307f-8389-601a177ac52c":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"NaturalFeature","name":"Red Sea","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/NaturalFeature","instances":[{"detection":"[ the sea; which sea would that be? The Black Sea. ]The Red Sea[. The North Sea. I am running somewhere by the]","prefix":" the sea; which sea would that be? The Black Sea. ","exact":"The Red Sea","suffix":". The North Sea. I am running somewhere by the","offset":47415,"length":11}],"relevance":0.087},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/95f454ab-0765-3e8c-aeb5-97733c95edf2":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"NaturalFeature","name":"Baltic Sea","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/NaturalFeature","instances":[{"detection":"[Sea. The North Sea. I am running somewhere by ]the Baltic Sea[; my body is strong and fit. There is a space I]","prefix":"Sea. The North Sea. I am running somewhere by ","exact":"the Baltic Sea","suffix":"; my body is strong and fit. There is a space I","offset":47469,"length":14}],"relevance":0.086},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/8a3db59c-91cc-3f63-9e2e-43a21fd44611":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"John Kay","persontype":"entertainment","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"John Kay","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[Audre Lorde, Frances Anne Soloman, Helen and ]John Kay[ for their encouragement and criticism. And a]","prefix":"Audre Lorde, Frances Anne Soloman, Helen and ","exact":"John Kay","suffix":" for their encouragement and criticism. And a","offset":2451,"length":8},{"detection":"[S S Dance of the Cherry Blossom V7He Told Us ]He[ Wanted a Black Coffin ST^ Lighthouse Wall CO One]","prefix":"S S Dance of the Cherry Blossom V7He Told Us ","exact":"He","suffix":" Wanted a Black Coffin ST^ Lighthouse Wall CO One","offset":3231,"length":2},{"detection":"[a short note six weeks later - a short letter ]He[ was sorry; we should have known better He]","prefix":"a short note six weeks later - a short letter ","exact":"He","suffix":" was sorry; we should have known better He","offset":5393,"length":2},{"detection":"[ letter He was sorry; we should have known better ]He[ couldn\u2019t leave Nigeria, I missed him, silly]","prefix":" letter He was sorry; we should have known better ","exact":"He","suffix":" couldn\u2019t leave Nigeria, I missed him, silly","offset":5435,"length":2},{"detection":"[ known better He couldn\u2019t leave Nigeria, I missed ]him[, silly things; his sudden high laugh His eyes]","prefix":" known better He couldn\u2019t leave Nigeria, I missed ","exact":"him","suffix":", silly things; his sudden high laugh His eyes","offset":5471,"length":3},{"detection":"[leave Nigeria, I missed him, silly things; ]his[ sudden high laugh His eyes intense as whirlwind]","prefix":"leave Nigeria, I missed him, silly things; ","exact":"his","suffix":" sudden high laugh His eyes intense as whirlwind","offset":5490,"length":3},{"detection":"[missed him, silly things; his sudden high laugh ]His[ eyes intense as whirlwind the music he played me]","prefix":"missed him, silly things; his sudden high laugh ","exact":"His","suffix":" eyes intense as whirlwind the music he played me","offset":5512,"length":3},{"detection":"[laugh His eyes intense as whirlwind the music ]he[ played me 13 \n￼e- Chapter 2: The Original Birth]","prefix":"laugh His eyes intense as whirlwind the music ","exact":"he","suffix":" played me 13 \n￼e- Chapter 2: The Original Birth","offset":5552,"length":2},{"detection":"[have any idea what your name was? Close, close ]he[ laughs. Well what was it? So slow as torture he]","prefix":"have any idea what your name was? Close, close ","exact":"he","suffix":" laughs. Well what was it? So slow as torture he","offset":5737,"length":2},{"detection":"[he laughs. Well what was it? So slow as torture ]he[ discloses bit by bit my mother's name, my]","prefix":"he laughs. Well what was it? So slow as torture ","exact":"he","suffix":" discloses bit by bit my mother's name, my","offset":5785,"length":2}],"relevance":0.449},"http://d.opencalais.com/comphash-1/c7428c8b-4052-33c8-853f-2777f8ecdd07":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Company","name":"Billing & Sons Limited","nationality":"N/A","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Company","instances":[{"detection":"[ Newcastle upon Tyne. Printed in Great Britain by ]Billing & Sons Limited[, Worcester. \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 5 -0- For]","prefix":" Newcastle upon Tyne. Printed in Great Britain by ","exact":"Billing & Sons Limited","suffix":", Worcester. \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 5 -0- For","offset":822,"length":22}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/98297d70-8a53-3783-a35a-b4caef9e77b5":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"sailor","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[ bored I start to pick some notes oh can you wash ]a sailor['s shirt oh can you wash and clean till my gran]","prefix":" bored I start to pick some notes oh can you wash ","exact":"a sailor","suffix":"'s shirt oh can you wash and clean till my gran","offset":34550,"length":8}],"relevance":0.188},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/6f532af5-d095-30cb-8753-c4a429105db9":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"PhoneNumber","name":"1961-1962","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/PhoneNumber","instances":[{"detection":"[eye. \n￼Contents THE ADOPTION PAPERS Part One: ]1961-1962[ Iz CHAPTER i :The Seed 14 chapter 2: The]","prefix":"eye. \n￼Contents THE ADOPTION PAPERS Part One: ","exact":"1961-1962","suffix":" Iz CHAPTER i :The Seed 14 chapter 2: The","offset":2613,"length":9}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/3f90c945-62c4-35d2-abf2-583be7c34f20":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"NaturalFeature","name":"Atlantic sea","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/NaturalFeature","instances":[{"detection":"[and wetyising out of the waves, the cold ]Atlantic sea[, that holiday. That was some holiday: sex maybe]","prefix":"and wetyising out of the waves, the cold ","exact":"Atlantic sea","suffix":", that holiday. That was some holiday: sex maybe","offset":46290,"length":12}],"relevance":0.097},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/35c7047e-0179-3777-81b5-7ca31be5c41c":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"funeral director","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[a Black Coffin '^r ct NkM\\csW^ I phoned up ]the funeral director[ he said it would cost us a fortune so we bought]","prefix":"a Black Coffin '^r ct NkM\\csW^ I phoned up ","exact":"the funeral director","suffix":" he said it would cost us a fortune so we bought","offset":47836,"length":20}],"relevance":0.082},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/f7130ba8-c8b3-3182-b048-438dc234ae75":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"car seat","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[ out of the back window. Leila is a bundle in her ]car seat[. Her small mouth hanging open. Maybe it is not]","prefix":" out of the back window. Leila is a bundle in her ","exact":"car seat","suffix":". Her small mouth hanging open. Maybe it is not","offset":56495,"length":8}],"relevance":0.046},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/787adf38-c552-3c89-a23d-bd08e477c711":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Charles Rennie Mackintosh","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Charles Rennie Mackintosh","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[furniture. It looked smashing. He went out like ]Charles Rennie Mackintosh[ - a single bunch of white lilies on top. None]","prefix":"furniture. It looked smashing. He went out like ","exact":"Charles Rennie Mackintosh","suffix":" - a single bunch of white lilies on top. None","offset":48005,"length":25}],"relevance":0.081},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/31ec6404-85fe-33f5-af02-cb37fec6b170":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"oil","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[know what I mean. No first aid box to fetch, No ]oil[ of cloves, no germolene nothing, nothing - his]","prefix":"know what I mean. No first aid box to fetch, No ","exact":"oil","suffix":" of cloves, no germolene nothing, nothing - his","offset":48863,"length":3}],"relevance":0.077},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a0e38d03-b5f8-3645-aca5-5f303bed4a13":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Frances Anne Soloman","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Frances Anne Soloman","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[Fred D'Aguiar, Carol Ann Duffy, Audre Lorde, ]Frances Anne Soloman[, Helen and John Kay for their encouragement and]","prefix":"Fred D'Aguiar, Carol Ann Duffy, Audre Lorde, ","exact":"Frances Anne Soloman","suffix":", Helen and John Kay for their encouragement and","offset":2419,"length":20}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/1b64737e-ddf1-3f9e-a739-e54797f626f1":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Anna Went Close","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Anna Went Close","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[jar 02- Mummy and Donor and Deirdre <o4 The Day ]Anna Went Close[ Shave \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 8 £7 G7 7 0]","prefix":"jar 02- Mummy and Donor and Deirdre <o4 The Day ","exact":"Anna Went Close","suffix":" Shave \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 8 £7 G7 7 0","offset":3361,"length":15},{"detection":"[bear thinking. Last night he shaved me again, ]Close[. Such an act of trust, And he cut my hair; the]","prefix":"bear thinking. Last night he shaved me again, ","exact":"Close","suffix":". Such an act of trust, And he cut my hair; the","offset":51677,"length":5},{"detection":"[ snipped all night as I lay beside Ella (Good job ]she['s not that interested) I like watching him sweep]","prefix":" snipped all night as I lay beside Ella (Good job ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s not that interested) I like watching him sweep","offset":51793,"length":3},{"detection":"[ once when Jjef brother-in-law committed suicide. ]She[ left our daughters behind that time. My nerves]","prefix":" once when Jjef brother-in-law committed suicide. ","exact":"She","suffix":" left our daughters behind that time. My nerves","offset":52159,"length":3}],"relevance":0.547},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/4546f817-ea3d-390c-8981-095edf7da8e1":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Facility","name":"CNRI/Science Photo Library","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Facility","instances":[{"detection":"[photograph is reproduced by kind permission o ]CNRI/Science Photo Library[. It shows a false-colour light mic  rograph of]","prefix":"photograph is reproduced by kind permission o ","exact":"CNRI/Science Photo Library","suffix":". It shows a false-colour light mic  rograph of","offset":2035,"length":26}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/606e74fc-2b2a-315d-9796-02e44e2b213d":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Organization","name":"haye^slept wrtk","organizationtype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Organization","instances":[{"detection":"[ bloody thing. Couldn't copg^dSQn of his, I m ust ]haye^slept wrtk[^the milkman. Not opce did he go to tmHiQspital]","prefix":" bloody thing. Couldn't copg^dSQn of his, I m ust ","exact":"haye^slept wrtk","suffix":"^the milkman. Not opce did he go to tmHiQspital","offset":48623,"length":15}],"relevance":0.078},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/d3cddbc9-0309-3772-a577-7c6b061ffd3c":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"RadioStation","name":"What am","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/RadioStation","instances":[{"detection":"[screen; black like onyx stones or moist earth, ]What am[ I doing with you if all I want is to make you]","prefix":"screen; black like onyx stones or moist earth, ","exact":"What am","suffix":" I doing with you if all I want is to make you","offset":42962,"length":7}],"relevance":0.116},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/695fed3c-4f87-35c6-a028-ef39d6b1006e":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Facility","name":"Mars Bar","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Facility","instances":[{"detection":"[Food Bars contain more sugar than the average ]Mars Bar[. What's the use in calling anything organic when]","prefix":"Food Bars contain more sugar than the average ","exact":"Mars Bar","suffix":". What's the use in calling anything organic when","offset":54475,"length":8}],"relevance":0.054},"http://d.opencalais.com/comphash-1/c627d17a-f2dd-309f-bae9-b3a757094f3e":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Company","name":"Lighthouse Wall CO","nationality":"N/A","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Company","instances":[{"detection":"[V7He Told Us He Wanted a Black Coffin ST^ ]Lighthouse Wall CO[ One Foot on the Dashboard G I jam jar 02- Mummy]","prefix":"V7He Told Us He Wanted a Black Coffin ST^ ","exact":"Lighthouse Wall CO","suffix":" One Foot on the Dashboard G I jam jar 02- Mummy","offset":3260,"length":18},{"detection":"[cherry blossom's dance through the night. 56 \n￼]Lighthouse Wall[ ( f o f ) Somewhere beyond the thin lighthouse]","prefix":"cherry blossom's dance through the night. 56 \n￼","exact":"Lighthouse Wall","suffix":" ( f o f ) Somewhere beyond the thin lighthouse","offset":46106,"length":15}],"relevance":0.493},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/9690064a-7e8a-37a3-be5e-e7fce6f33d7a":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"City","name":"Bury","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/City","instances":[{"detection":"[night I\u2019ll suffocate her with a feather pillow ]Bury[ her under a weeping willow Or take her far out]","prefix":"night I\u2019ll suffocate her with a feather pillow ","exact":"Bury","suffix":" her under a weeping willow Or take her far out","offset":6310,"length":4}],"relevance":0.303},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/6b2d8fc5-ecb3-3a7d-b87c-6aed0c097ff5":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"e- e","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[9:22 pm Page 5 -0- For my mother, Helen Kay ]e- e[- 0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 6 *]","prefix":"9:22 pm Page 5 -0- For my mother, Helen Kay ","exact":"e- e","suffix":"- 0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 6 *","offset":915,"length":4}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/f0de9606-a91f-3290-8e58-29c0b3c3aeab":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"metal","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[was no bread; she made a sculpture using the ]metal[ of the cars, the blood of the dead the odd relic]","prefix":"was no bread; she made a sculpture using the ","exact":"metal","suffix":" of the cars, the blood of the dead the odd relic","offset":30135,"length":5}],"relevance":0.212},"http://d.opencalais.com/comphash-1/aec56890-483c-3b93-8518-a533fd785c3a":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Company","name":"Bloodaxe Books Ltd.","nationality":"N/A","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Company","instances":[{"detection":"[ 1991 ISBN: 1 85224 156 X First published 1991 by ]Bloodaxe Books Ltd[, P.O. Box 1SN, Newcastle upon Tyne NE99 1SN.]","prefix":" 1991 ISBN: 1 85224 156 X First published 1991 by ","exact":"Bloodaxe Books Ltd","suffix":", P.O. Box 1SN, Newcastle upon Tyne NE99 1SN.","offset":242,"length":18},{"detection":"[ Ltd, P.O. Box 1SN, Newcastle upon Tyne NE99 1SN. ]Bloodaxe Books Ltd[ acknowledges the financial assistance of]","prefix":" Ltd, P.O. Box 1SN, Newcastle upon Tyne NE99 1SN. ","exact":"Bloodaxe Books Ltd","suffix":" acknowledges the financial assistance of","offset":306,"length":18},{"detection":"[ otherwise, without prior written permission from ]Bloodaxe Books Ltd.[ Requests to publish work from this book must be]","prefix":" otherwise, without prior written permission from ","exact":"Bloodaxe Books Ltd.","suffix":" Requests to publish work from this book must be","offset":630,"length":19},{"detection":"[to publish work from this book must be sent to ]Bloodaxe Books Ltd.[ ■e- Cover reproduction by V & H Reprographics,]","prefix":"to publish work from this book must be sent to ","exact":"Bloodaxe Books Ltd.","suffix":" ■e- Cover reproduction by V & H Reprographics,","offset":706,"length":19},{"detection":"[ British Poetry (Paladin, 198$), New Women Poets (]Bloodaxe Books[, 1990), Poetry Review, Poetry Wales, Tht KMFT,]","prefix":" British Poetry (Paladin, 198$), New Women Poets (","exact":"Bloodaxe Books","suffix":", 1990), Poetry Review, Poetry Wales, Tht KMFT,","offset":1809,"length":14},{"detection":"[ (Pi) International Poetry Review, and Woodworks (]Bloodaxe Books[, 1991). ( The cover photograph is reproduced by]","prefix":" (Pi) International Poetry Review, and Woodworks (","exact":"Bloodaxe Books","suffix":", 1991). ( The cover photograph is reproduced by","offset":1954,"length":14}],"relevance":0.447},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/27e14368-afc2-3738-9ccd-78405ea36bff":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Calder","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Calder","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[that wall in Greig Street; the day I swore at ]Mrs Calder[ for calling my son a poof in front of hers. I]","prefix":"that wall in Greig Street; the day I swore at ","exact":"Mrs Calder","suffix":" for calling my son a poof in front of hers. I","offset":48291,"length":10}],"relevance":0.08},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/f6dcb338-891e-3c0d-9af3-e09abccc9084":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"record player","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[either. Round at her house we put on the old ]record player[ and mime to Pearl Bailey Tired of the life I]","prefix":"either. Round at her house we put on the old ","exact":"record player","suffix":" and mime to Pearl Bailey Tired of the life I","offset":15096,"length":13}],"relevance":0.287},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/ae27c969-d017-3312-a6fd-5970994ad216":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Facility","name":"Leicester Square","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Facility","instances":[{"detection":"[sorry the exits are all closed. Go back down. ]Leicester Square[, the same thing happens. I start to make the]","prefix":"sorry the exits are all closed. Go back down. ","exact":"Leicester Square","suffix":", the same thing happens. I start to make the","offset":55202,"length":16}],"relevance":0.051},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/2a45067c-1ec4-36fe-b817-6af3bc510e9b":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"City","name":"Newcastle upon Tyne","resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/geo/city/ralg-geo1/69d1d598-055e-03cc-6ab7-1e23cf0e6bfa","name":"Newcastle upon Tyne,England,United Kingdom","shortname":"Newcastle upon Tyne","containedbystate":"England","containedbycountry":"United Kingdom","latitude":"54.9833333333","longitude":"-1.58333333333"}],"_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/City","instances":[{"detection":"[1991 by Bloodaxe Books Ltd, P.O. Box 1SN, ]Newcastle upon Tyne[ NE99 1SN. Bloodaxe Books Ltd acknowledges the]","prefix":"1991 by Bloodaxe Books Ltd, P.O. Box 1SN, ","exact":"Newcastle upon Tyne","suffix":" NE99 1SN. Bloodaxe Books Ltd acknowledges the","offset":276,"length":19},{"detection":"[■e- Cover reproduction by V & H Reprographics, ]Newcastle upon Tyne[. Printed in Great Britain by Billing & Sons]","prefix":"■e- Cover reproduction by V & H Reprographics, ","exact":"Newcastle upon Tyne","suffix":". Printed in Great Britain by Billing & Sons","offset":773,"length":19}],"relevance":0.305},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/860e9b36-0a00-3028-a50f-899dd8820694":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Facility","name":"Royal Infirmary","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Facility","instances":[{"detection":"[you see ambulances; screaming their way to the ]Royal Infirmary[, \n￼Summer Storm, Capolona I choose to ignore my]","prefix":"you see ambulances; screaming their way to the ","exact":"Royal Infirmary","suffix":", \n￼Summer Storm, Capolona I choose to ignore my","offset":35249,"length":15}],"relevance":0.181},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/736a403d-157b-3e80-86a7-acc404607cb2":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Currency","name":"USD","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Currency","instances":[{"detection":"[Review, The New British Poetry (Paladin, ]198$[), New Women Poets (Bloodaxe Books, 1990), Poetry]","prefix":"Review, The New British Poetry (Paladin, ","exact":"198$","suffix":"), New Women Poets (Bloodaxe Books, 1990), Poetry","offset":1785,"length":4}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/comphash-1/6c946baf-069d-33e1-aa51-414178ac8513":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Company","name":"BBC Radio","nationality":"N/A","resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/company/ralg-tr1r/7a6a4835-2d42-388a-97e8-ef689d5745f0","score":0.90000004,"name":"BRITISH BROADCASTING CORPORATION","shortname":"BBC","ticker":"BBC","symbol":"TBBC.UL"}],"_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Company","instances":[{"detection":"[of The Adoption Papers was broadcast in ]BBC Radio[ 3's Drama Now series in August 1990. Poems from]","prefix":"of The Adoption Papers was broadcast in ","exact":"BBC Radio","suffix":" 3's Drama Now series in August 1990. Poems from","offset":1027,"length":9},{"detection":"[(Tyne Tees Television), Time for Verse (]BBC Radio[ 4), and on the Open University programme]","prefix":"(Tyne Tees Television), Time for Verse (","exact":"BBC Radio","suffix":" 4), and on the Open University programme","offset":1206,"length":9},{"detection":"[programme Literature in the Modern World (]BBC[ 2). Some of these poems were included in a]","prefix":"programme Literature in the Modern World (","exact":"BBC","suffix":" 2). Some of these poems were included in a","offset":1289,"length":3}],"relevance":0.305},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/d0a067f4-c3c2-30c4-9437-7361127f8904":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"teacher","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[him again. Blonde hairs in my hand. Excuse me! ]This teacher[ from primary 7stops us, Names? I'll report you]","prefix":"him again. Blonde hairs in my hand. Excuse me! ","exact":"This teacher","suffix":" from primary 7stops us, Names? I'll report you","offset":16485,"length":12},{"detection":"[she says (0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 28 My ]teacher['s face cracks into a thin smile Her long nails]","prefix":"she says (0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 28 My ","exact":"teacher","suffix":"'s face cracks into a thin smile Her long nails","offset":16652,"length":7},{"detection":"[ my right foot's left and my left foot's right my ]teacher[ shouts from the bottom of the class Come on,]","prefix":" my right foot's left and my left foot's right my ","exact":"teacher","suffix":" shouts from the bottom of the class Come on,","offset":17516,"length":7},{"detection":"[my red hair, having a hot temper. I says to my ]teacher[ Can't I be Elizabeth Taylor, drunk and fat and]","prefix":"my red hair, having a hot temper. I says to my ","exact":"teacher","suffix":" Can't I be Elizabeth Taylor, drunk and fat and","offset":18484,"length":7}],"relevance":0.393},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/ad6830d6-85a3-3cd8-8a06-58678fad1a8d":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"RadioStation","name":"BBC Radio 3","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/RadioStation","instances":[{"detection":"[of The Adoption Papers was broadcast in ]BBC Radio 3['s Drama Now series in August 1990. Poems from]","prefix":"of The Adoption Papers was broadcast in ","exact":"BBC Radio 3","suffix":"'s Drama Now series in August 1990. Poems from","offset":1027,"length":11}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/4e139016-c242-30a2-81cc-cde583128eda":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Trevor Campbell","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Trevor Campbell","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[ the intervals. A while later I heard you married ]Trevor Campbell[. Each night I walked into the school dinner hall]","prefix":" the intervals. A while later I heard you married ","exact":"Trevor Campbell","suffix":". Each night I walked into the school dinner hall","offset":38291,"length":15},{"detection":"[back, beaming, till - Why don't you come round, ]Trevor[ would love it. He wasn't in. I don't know how it]","prefix":"back, beaming, till - Why don't you come round, ","exact":"Trevor","suffix":" would love it. He wasn't in. I don't know how it","offset":38607,"length":6},{"detection":"[Why don't you come round, Trevor would love it. ]He[ wasn't in. I don't know how it happened. We]","prefix":"Why don't you come round, Trevor would love it. ","exact":"He","suffix":" wasn't in. I don't know how it happened. We","offset":38629,"length":2},{"detection":"[ are getting worse Neither knows who had it first ]He[ thinks I gave it to him I think he gave it to me]","prefix":" are getting worse Neither knows who had it first ","exact":"He","suffix":" thinks I gave it to him I think he gave it to me","offset":44702,"length":2},{"detection":"[knows who had it first He thinks I gave it to ]him[ I think he gave it to me Nights chasing clues]","prefix":"knows who had it first He thinks I gave it to ","exact":"him","suffix":" I think he gave it to me Nights chasing clues","offset":44725,"length":3},{"detection":"[had it first He thinks I gave it to him I think ]he[ gave it to me Nights chasing clues where One]","prefix":"had it first He thinks I gave it to him I think ","exact":"he","suffix":" gave it to me Nights chasing clues where One","offset":44737,"length":2},{"detection":"[I know I'm wasting precious time But who did ]he[ meet between May 87 and March 89, I feel his]","prefix":"I know I'm wasting precious time But who did ","exact":"he","suffix":" meet between May 87 and March 89, I feel his","offset":44894,"length":2},{"detection":"[did he meet between May 87 and March 89, I feel ]his[ breath on my back A slow climb into himself then]","prefix":"did he meet between May 87 and March 89, I feel ","exact":"his","suffix":" breath on my back A slow climb into himself then","offset":44938,"length":3},{"detection":"[tea This companionship is better than anything ]He[ thinks I gave it to him. By lunchtime we're]","prefix":"tea This companionship is better than anything ","exact":"He","suffix":" thinks I gave it to him. By lunchtime we're","offset":45194,"length":2},{"detection":"[is better than anything He thinks I gave it to ]him[. By lunchtime we're fighting over some petty]","prefix":"is better than anything He thinks I gave it to ","exact":"him","suffix":". By lunchtime we're fighting over some petty","offset":45217,"length":3},{"detection":"[lunchtime we're fighting over some petty tiling ]He[ tells me I've lost my sense of humour I tell him]","prefix":"lunchtime we're fighting over some petty tiling ","exact":"He","suffix":" tells me I've lost my sense of humour I tell him","offset":45273,"length":2},{"detection":"[He tells me I've lost my sense of humour I tell ]him[ I'm not Glaswegian You all think death is a joke]","prefix":"He tells me I've lost my sense of humour I tell ","exact":"him","suffix":" I'm not Glaswegian You all think death is a joke","offset":45321,"length":3},{"detection":"[not funny. I'm dying for fuck's sake I think ]he[ gave it to m e, Just think he says it's every]","prefix":"not funny. I'm dying for fuck's sake I think ","exact":"he","suffix":" gave it to m e, Just think he says it's every","offset":45424,"length":2},{"detection":"[sake I think he gave it to m e, Just think ]he[ says it's every couple's dream I won't have to]","prefix":"sake I think he gave it to m e, Just think ","exact":"he","suffix":" says it's every couple's dream I won't have to","offset":45454,"length":2},{"detection":"[hard belly, your kissable cheeks, I cry when ]he[ says things like that My shoulders cave in, my]","prefix":"hard belly, your kissable cheeks, I cry when ","exact":"he","suffix":" says things like that My shoulders cave in, my","offset":45666,"length":2},{"detection":"[dying You self-pitying wretch, pathetic queen. ]He[ pushes me; we roll on the floor like whirlwind;]","prefix":"dying You self-pitying wretch, pathetic queen. ","exact":"He","suffix":" pushes me; we roll on the floor like whirlwind;","offset":45815,"length":2},{"detection":"[caress the small parts Rocking back and forth, ]his[ arms become mine There's nothing outside but the]","prefix":"caress the small parts Rocking back and forth, ","exact":"his","suffix":" arms become mine There's nothing outside but the","offset":45984,"length":3},{"detection":"[beyond the thin lighthouse wall I can feel ]him[ pulling me; hard tug of a net. I can see his]","prefix":"beyond the thin lighthouse wall I can feel ","exact":"him","suffix":" pulling me; hard tug of a net. I can see his","offset":46185,"length":3},{"detection":"[him pulling me; hard tug of a net. I can see ]his[ face, laughing and wetyising out of the waves,]","prefix":"him pulling me; hard tug of a net. I can see ","exact":"his","suffix":" face, laughing and wetyising out of the waves,","offset":46230,"length":3},{"detection":"[ some holiday: sex maybe three, four times a day. ]He['s urging me on - why wait, why bother hanging on]","prefix":" some holiday: sex maybe three, four times a day. ","exact":"He","suffix":"'s urging me on - why wait, why bother hanging on","offset":46376,"length":2},{"detection":"[I have a thing that I squeeze and it bleeps ]him[. He has a nice little bottom. I'd love to pinch]","prefix":"I have a thing that I squeeze and it bleeps ","exact":"him","suffix":". He has a nice little bottom. I'd love to pinch","offset":46519,"length":3},{"detection":"[ I have a thing that I squeeze and it bleeps him. ]He[ has a nice little bottom. I'd love to pinch it.]","prefix":" I have a thing that I squeeze and it bleeps him. ","exact":"He","suffix":" has a nice little bottom. I'd love to pinch it.","offset":46524,"length":2},{"detection":"[I am cold. I ask the nurse for another blanket. ]He[ tells me I am warm. I don't argue anymore. I]","prefix":"I am cold. I ask the nurse for another blanket. ","exact":"He","suffix":" tells me I am warm. I don't argue anymore. I","offset":47194,"length":2},{"detection":"[fit. There is a space I can fall intoj , There ]he[ is. His floral trunks. His forest legs. It is]","prefix":"fit. There is a space I can fall intoj , There ","exact":"he","suffix":" is. His floral trunks. His forest legs. It is","offset":47554,"length":2},{"detection":"[ There is a space I can fall intoj , There he is. ]His[ floral trunks. His forest legs. It is quiet. I]","prefix":" There is a space I can fall intoj , There he is. ","exact":"His","suffix":" floral trunks. His forest legs. It is quiet. I","offset":47561,"length":3},{"detection":"[ can fall intoj , There he is. His floral trunks. ]His[ forest legs. It is quiet. I am full of awe. I]","prefix":" can fall intoj , There he is. His floral trunks. ","exact":"His","suffix":" forest legs. It is quiet. I am full of awe. I","offset":47580,"length":3},{"detection":"[ is quiet. I am full of awe. I kiss the salt from ]his[ shoulders. He is rock hard. The long long]","prefix":" is quiet. I am full of awe. I kiss the salt from ","exact":"his","suffix":" shoulders. He is rock hard. The long long","offset":47649,"length":3},{"detection":"[ full of awe. I kiss the salt from his shoulders. ]He[ is rock hard. The long long stretch of white]","prefix":" full of awe. I kiss the salt from his shoulders. ","exact":"He","suffix":" is rock hard. The long long stretch of white","offset":47664,"length":2},{"detection":"[The wind whips. At last, I know this hand. \n￼]He[ Told Us He Wanted a Black Coffin '^r ct NkM\\csW^]","prefix":"The wind whips. At last, I know this hand. \n￼","exact":"He","suffix":" Told Us He Wanted a Black Coffin '^r ct NkM\\csW^","offset":47772,"length":2},{"detection":"[whips. At last, I know this hand. \n￼He Told Us ]He[ Wanted a Black Coffin '^r ct NkM\\csW^ I phoned]","prefix":"whips. At last, I know this hand. \n￼He Told Us ","exact":"He","suffix":" Wanted a Black Coffin '^r ct NkM\\csW^ I phoned","offset":47783,"length":2},{"detection":"[ '^r ct NkM\\csW^ I phoned up the funeral director ]he[ said it would cost us a fortune so we bought an]","prefix":" '^r ct NkM\\csW^ I phoned up the funeral director ","exact":"he","suffix":" said it would cost us a fortune so we bought an","offset":47857,"length":2},{"detection":"[an ordinary pine one painted it black matt like ]his[ furniture. It looked smashing. He went out like]","prefix":"an ordinary pine one painted it black matt like ","exact":"his","suffix":" furniture. It looked smashing. He went out like","offset":47953,"length":3},{"detection":"[matt like his furniture. It looked smashing. ]He[ went out like Charles Rennie Mackintosh - a]","prefix":"matt like his furniture. It looked smashing. ","exact":"He","suffix":" went out like Charles Rennie Mackintosh - a","offset":47988,"length":2},{"detection":"[ thinking how I wanted to take the abscess out of ]his[ five year old mouth and put it in mine; I wanted]","prefix":" thinking how I wanted to take the abscess out of ","exact":"his","suffix":" five year old mouth and put it in mine; I wanted","offset":48180,"length":3},{"detection":"[ a poof in front of hers. I always knew from when ]he[ was thirteen and he cried when Gavin moved to]","prefix":" a poof in front of hers. I always knew from when ","exact":"he","suffix":" was thirteen and he cried when Gavin moved to","offset":48370,"length":2},{"detection":"[I always knew from when he was thirteen and ]he[ cried when Gavin moved to Aberdeen. He]","prefix":"I always knew from when he was thirteen and ","exact":"he","suffix":" cried when Gavin moved to Aberdeen. He","offset":48390,"length":2},{"detection":"[and he cried when Gavin moved to Aberdeen. ]He[ wassalways that bit sensitive my boy so he]","prefix":"and he cried when Gavin moved to Aberdeen. ","exact":"He","suffix":" wassalways that bit sensitive my boy so he","offset":48429,"length":2},{"detection":"[He wassalways that bit sensitive my boy so ]he[ wasxHe knew when H«drny period. He knew wnen I]","prefix":"He wassalways that bit sensitive my boy so ","exact":"he","suffix":" wasxHe knew when H«drny period. He knew wnen I","offset":48472,"length":2},{"detection":"[my boy so he wasxHe knew when H«drny period. ]He[ knew wnen I was oisSed off with the rest. His]","prefix":"my boy so he wasxHe knew when H«drny period. ","exact":"He","suffix":" knew wnen I was oisSed off with the rest. His","offset":48507,"length":2},{"detection":"[He knew wnen I was oisSed off with the rest. ]His[ daddy neverkn^w a bloody thing. Couldn't]","prefix":"He knew wnen I was oisSed off with the rest. ","exact":"His","suffix":" daddy neverkn^w a bloody thing. Couldn't","offset":48552,"length":3},{"detection":"[neverkn^w a bloody thing. Couldn't copg^dSQn of ]his[, I m ust haye^slept wrtk^the milkman. Not opce]","prefix":"neverkn^w a bloody thing. Couldn't copg^dSQn of ","exact":"his","suffix":", I m ust haye^slept wrtk^the milkman. Not opce","offset":48610,"length":3},{"detection":"[m ust haye^slept wrtk^the milkman. Not opce did ]he[ go to tmHiQspital He-tfame to the funeral.]","prefix":"m ust haye^slept wrtk^the milkman. Not opce did ","exact":"he","suffix":" go to tmHiQspital He-tfame to the funeral.","offset":48665,"length":2},{"detection":"[milkman. Not opce did he go to tmHiQspital ]He[-tfame to the funeral. Ignored Derek. No morphine]","prefix":"milkman. Not opce did he go to tmHiQspital ","exact":"He","suffix":"-tfame to the funeral. Ignored Derek. No morphine","offset":48686,"length":2},{"detection":"[oil of cloves, no germolene nothing, nothing - ]his[ hand in mine his thumb tap tapping my palm me]","prefix":"oil of cloves, no germolene nothing, nothing - ","exact":"his","suffix":" hand in mine his thumb tap tapping my palm me","offset":48910,"length":3},{"detection":"[ no germolene nothing, nothing - his hand in mine ]his[ thumb tap tapping my palm me saying you're all]","prefix":" no germolene nothing, nothing - his hand in mine ","exact":"his","suffix":" thumb tap tapping my palm me saying you're all","offset":48927,"length":3},{"detection":"[up. The boy careening down the hill in the park ]his[ sledge a huge pair of wings, scarf flying. The]","prefix":"up. The boy careening down the hill in the park ","exact":"his","suffix":" sledge a huge pair of wings, scarf flying. The","offset":49093,"length":3},{"detection":"[ The man in the hospital bed the size of the boy; ]his[ face a person from Belsen. The song he sang at]","prefix":" The man in the hospital bed the size of the boy; ","exact":"his","suffix":" face a person from Belsen. The song he sang at","offset":49256,"length":3},{"detection":"[ the boy; his face a person from Belsen. The song ]he[ sang at the school concert (what was it?) It]","prefix":" the boy; his face a person from Belsen. The song ","exact":"he","suffix":" sang at the school concert (what was it?) It","offset":49296,"length":2},{"detection":"[called Tunde sat next to me. In the playground ]he[ gave me a Monster Munch; I gave him a bite of my]","prefix":"called Tunde sat next to me. In the playground ","exact":"he","suffix":" gave me a Monster Munch; I gave him a bite of my","offset":49559,"length":2},{"detection":"[playground he gave me a Monster Munch; I gave ]him[ a bite of my apple. We both went with him to]","prefix":"playground he gave me a Monster Munch; I gave ","exact":"him","suffix":" a bite of my apple. We both went with him to","offset":49594,"length":3},{"detection":"[ I gave him a bite of my apple. We both went with ]him[ to school. Took the day off. It was awful long.]","prefix":" I gave him a bite of my apple. We both went with ","exact":"him","suffix":" to school. Took the day off. It was awful long.","offset":49636,"length":3},{"detection":"[hands of the clock moved in secret. At last - ]his[ face at the gate. And then and then. ' He said]","prefix":"hands of the clock moved in secret. At last - ","exact":"his","suffix":" face at the gate. And then and then. ' He said","offset":49769,"length":3},{"detection":"[- his face at the gate. And then and then. ' ]He[ said my daddy is an underground m an, .jvhat is]","prefix":"- his face at the gate. And then and then. ' ","exact":"He","suffix":" said my daddy is an underground m an, .jvhat is","offset":49812,"length":2},{"detection":"[things harder than they are. I want to protect ]him[ from the names and stones. I'd love it all to be]","prefix":"things harder than they are. I want to protect ","exact":"him","suffix":" from the names and stones. I'd love it all to be","offset":50125,"length":3},{"detection":"[said Do you know who your daddy is.' I said yes ]he['s a friend of a friend of mummy's. He has curly]","prefix":"said Do you know who your daddy is.' I said yes ","exact":"he","suffix":"'s a friend of a friend of mummy's. He has curly","offset":50307,"length":2},{"detection":"[ I said yes he's a friend of a friend of mummy's. ]He[ has curly hair. He looks after animals. I've got]","prefix":" I said yes he's a friend of a friend of mummy's. ","exact":"He","suffix":" has curly hair. He looks after animals. I've got","offset":50345,"length":2},{"detection":"[of a friend of mummy's. He has curly hair. ]He[ looks after animals. I've got a picture. Come]","prefix":"of a friend of mummy's. He has curly hair. ","exact":"He","suffix":" looks after animals. I've got a picture. Come","offset":50364,"length":2},{"detection":"[ and put it in the vagina. I wiped the tears from ]his[ face. I kept saying don't cry, never mind. Tunde]","prefix":" and put it in the vagina. I wiped the tears from ","exact":"his","suffix":" face. I kept saying don't cry, never mind. Tunde","offset":50945,"length":3},{"detection":"[don't cry, never mind. Tunde won't play with ]him[ any more. Are they dirty words, he asks me. What]","prefix":"don't cry, never mind. Tunde won't play with ","exact":"him","suffix":" any more. Are they dirty words, he asks me. What","offset":51014,"length":3},{"detection":"[play with him any more. Are they dirty words, ]he[ asks me. What am I supposed to say? Tell me.]","prefix":"play with him any more. Are they dirty words, ","exact":"he","suffix":" asks me. What am I supposed to say? Tell me.","offset":51050,"length":2},{"detection":"[ we tell each other. It will all be secret.I gave ]him[ a chocolate. He gave me a Monster Munch. Tunde]","prefix":" we tell each other. It will all be secret.I gave ","exact":"him","suffix":" a chocolate. He gave me a Monster Munch. Tunde","offset":51202,"length":3},{"detection":"[It will all be secret.I gave him a chocolate. ]He[ gave me a Monster Munch. Tunde has the same]","prefix":"It will all be secret.I gave him a chocolate. ","exact":"He","suffix":" gave me a Monster Munch. Tunde has the same","offset":51219,"length":2},{"detection":"[probably. It doesn't bear thinking. Last night ]he[ shaved me again, Close. Such an act of trust,]","prefix":"probably. It doesn't bear thinking. Last night ","exact":"he","suffix":" shaved me again, Close. Such an act of trust,","offset":51657,"length":2},{"detection":"[me again, Close. Such an act of trust, And ]he[ cut my hair; the scissors snip snipped all night]","prefix":"me again, Close. Such an act of trust, And ","exact":"he","suffix":" cut my hair; the scissors snip snipped all night","offset":51710,"length":2},{"detection":"[job she's not that interested) I like watching ]him[ sweep it up. He holds the brush like a dancing]","prefix":"job she's not that interested) I like watching ","exact":"him","suffix":" sweep it up. He holds the brush like a dancing","offset":51836,"length":3},{"detection":"[interested) I like watching him sweep it up. ]He[ holds the brush like a dancing partner, short]","prefix":"interested) I like watching him sweep it up. ","exact":"He","suffix":" holds the brush like a dancing partner, short","offset":51853,"length":2},{"detection":"[ Fox trot: 4/4 tim e, I knew from the first time, ]he[ did too Our eyes met when he came to the bit]","prefix":" Fox trot: 4/4 tim e, I knew from the first time, ","exact":"he","suffix":" did too Our eyes met when he came to the bit","offset":51958,"length":2},{"detection":"[the first time, he did too Our eyes met when ]he[ came to the bit above my lip. 6 years ago ,]","prefix":"the first time, he did too Our eyes met when ","exact":"he","suffix":" came to the bit above my lip. 6 years ago ,","offset":51987,"length":2},{"detection":"[made me come too quick but I liked sleeping in ]his[ smooth arms till dawn. He was gone Before they]","prefix":"made me come too quick but I liked sleeping in ","exact":"his","suffix":" smooth arms till dawn. He was gone Before they","offset":52257,"length":3},{"detection":"[I liked sleeping in his smooth arms till dawn. ]He[ was gone Before they woke, giggling round]","prefix":"I liked sleeping in his smooth arms till dawn. ","exact":"He","suffix":" was gone Before they woke, giggling round","offset":52284,"length":2},{"detection":"[ gone Before they woke, giggling round breakfast, ]He[ says nobody else can cut my curls. I laughed]","prefix":" gone Before they woke, giggling round breakfast, ","exact":"He","suffix":" says nobody else can cut my curls. I laughed","offset":52340,"length":2},{"detection":"[when. You're too vain man. We kissed; I like ]his[ beard on my skin; how can you be a barber with a]","prefix":"when. You're too vain man. We kissed; I like ","exact":"his","suffix":" beard on my skin; how can you be a barber with a","offset":52473,"length":3},{"detection":"[ skin; how can you be a barber with a beard Isaid^]him[;it'smydaughtersthatworryme, (course I can never]","prefix":" skin; how can you be a barber with a beard Isaid^","exact":"him","suffix":";it'smydaughtersthatworryme, (course I can never","offset":52538,"length":3}],"relevance":0.272},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/cc19a618-88b8-318d-a264-021253eeb53f":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Elizabeth Taylor","persontype":"entertainment","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Elizabeth Taylor","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[a hot temper. I says to my teacher Can't I be ]Elizabeth Taylor[, drunk and fat and she just laughed, not much]","prefix":"a hot temper. I says to my teacher Can't I be ","exact":"Elizabeth Taylor","suffix":", drunk and fat and she just laughed, not much","offset":18503,"length":16},{"detection":"[Can't I be Elizabeth Taylor, drunk and fat and ]she[ just laughed, not much chance of that. I went]","prefix":"Can't I be Elizabeth Taylor, drunk and fat and ","exact":"she","suffix":" just laughed, not much chance of that. I went","offset":18539,"length":3},{"detection":"['I used to work ages ago with your daughter ]Elizabeth[, do you have her present address?' Sorry, she]","prefix":"'I used to work ages ago with your daughter ","exact":"Elizabeth","suffix":", do you have her present address?' Sorry, she","offset":24055,"length":9}],"relevance":0.28},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/e98a7d1b-fe92-3409-8082-396602fdc070":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"King","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[disposables disprin (possibly) got off, ]King['s Cross buggy firstjthen shopping, then the]","prefix":"disposables disprin (possibly) got off, ","exact":"King","suffix":"'s Cross buggy firstjthen shopping, then the","offset":57527,"length":4},{"detection":"[I'm trying to remember » Little Red. Puff puff. ]King['s Horses. Her with the dreadful long hair. 3]","prefix":"I'm trying to remember » Little Red. Puff puff. ","exact":"King","suffix":"'s Horses. Her with the dreadful long hair. 3","offset":58415,"length":4}],"relevance":0.045},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/57ce9ddc-df4a-3a03-ad6b-ce810f7ad612":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"electricity","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[servants living in corrugated huts outside no ]electricity[, no running water you wouldn't be lying here]","prefix":"servants living in corrugated huts outside no ","exact":"electricity","suffix":", no running water you wouldn't be lying here","offset":41245,"length":11}],"relevance":0.139},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/b47928f0-5674-3177-9462-de8738fd36b7":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"dentist","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[ don't know what diseases come down my line^ when ]dentist[ and doctors ask the old blood questions about]","prefix":" don't know what diseases come down my line^ when ","exact":"dentist","suffix":" and doctors ask the old blood questions about","offset":21707,"length":7}],"relevance":0.256},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/c5face05-8b70-3682-a0da-467e53d541f4":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Organization","name":"Iz CHAPTER","organizationtype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Organization","instances":[{"detection":"[THE ADOPTION PAPERS Part One: 1961-1962 ]Iz CHAPTER[ i :The Seed 14 chapter 2: The Original Birth]","prefix":"THE ADOPTION PAPERS Part One: 1961-1962 ","exact":"Iz CHAPTER","suffix":" i :The Seed 14 chapter 2: The Original Birth","offset":2623,"length":10},{"detection":"[ 1980-1990 c h a p t e r 8: G e n e r a t i o n s ]CHAPTER[ 9: The Phone Call chapter 10:TheMeetingDream]","prefix":" 1980-1990 c h a p t e r 8: G e n e r a t i o n s ","exact":"CHAPTER","suffix":" 9: The Phone Call chapter 10:TheMeetingDream","offset":2913,"length":7},{"detection":"[11 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 12 PART ONE: 1961-]1962 Chapter[ 1: The Seed I never thought it would be quicker]","prefix":"11 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 12 PART ONE: 1961-","exact":"1962 Chapter","suffix":" 1: The Seed I never thought it would be quicker","offset":4537,"length":12},{"detection":"[cup of coffee , 18 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:27 pm Page ]19 Chapter[ 4: Baby Lazarus Land moves like driven cattle.]","prefix":"cup of coffee , 18 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:27 pm Page ","exact":"19 Chapter","suffix":" 4: Baby Lazarus Land moves like driven cattle.","offset":9305,"length":10},{"detection":"[ suckled at my breast. \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:28 pm Page ]22 Chapter[ 5: The Tweed Hat Dream Today I ring the]","prefix":" suckled at my breast. \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:28 pm Page ","exact":"22 Chapter","suffix":" 5: The Tweed Hat Dream Today I ring the","offset":10680,"length":10},{"detection":"[left for Santa e- -© O 23 \n￼PART TWO: 1967-]1971 Chapter[ 6: The Telling Part Ma mammy bot me oot a shop]","prefix":"left for Santa e- -© O 23 \n￼PART TWO: 1967-","exact":"1971 Chapter","suffix":" 6: The Telling Part Ma mammy bot me oot a shop","offset":12276,"length":12},{"detection":"[thinks we're dead old-fashioned. 26 -0- \n￼^ ]Chapter[ 7: Black Bottom Maybe that\u2019s why I don\u2019t like]","prefix":"thinks we're dead old-fashioned. 26 -0- \n￼^ ","exact":"Chapter","suffix":" 7: Black Bottom Maybe that\u2019s why I don\u2019t like","offset":15335,"length":7},{"detection":"[ Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 30 e \n￼PART THREE: 1980-]1990 Chapter[ 8: Generations The sun went out just like that]","prefix":" Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 30 e \n￼PART THREE: 1980-","exact":"1990 Chapter","suffix":" 8: Generations The sun went out just like that","offset":20622,"length":12},{"detection":"[way she moves her hands when she talks. 33 \n￼e ]Chapter[ 9: The Phone Call I have had my grandmother's]","prefix":"way she moves her hands when she talks. 33 \n￼e ","exact":"Chapter","suffix":" 9: The Phone Call I have had my grandmother's","offset":23772,"length":7}],"relevance":0.354},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/87e54e7c-e49e-38fe-a539-eefa69d9580b":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"policeman","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[thing is a man screaming DEATH TO POLL TAX - ]a policeman[ punching him every time he gets to Poll. Death]","prefix":"thing is a man screaming DEATH TO POLL TAX - ","exact":"a policeman","suffix":" punching him every time he gets to Poll. Death","offset":55674,"length":11}],"relevance":0.05},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/a54ac18b-a956-3b5c-b235-0609ca899305":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Country","name":"United States","resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/geo/country/ralg-geo1/152649df-347e-e289-1a9e-acc883e07d17","name":"United States","latitude":"40.4230003233","longitude":"-98.7372244786"}],"_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Country","instances":[{"detection":"[Press, 1S0?, Bete Noire, The Black Scholar (]USA[), Chapman, City Limits, Cond  itions (USA),]","prefix":"Press, 1S0?, Bete Noire, The Black Scholar (","exact":"USA","suffix":"), Chapman, City Limits, Cond  itions (USA),","offset":1667,"length":3},{"detection":"[(USA), Chapman, City Limits, Cond  itions (]USA[), Critical Quarterly, Feminist Review, The New]","prefix":"(USA), Chapman, City Limits, Cond  itions (","exact":"USA","suffix":"), Critical Quarterly, Feminist Review, The New","offset":1709,"length":3}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/1194ef8d-a07c-3bfd-be1f-31b926566636":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"huge metal lobster","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[, That winter all of the cars were taken by the ]huge metal lobster[ and laid \n￼Kay 30/7/91 9:06 pm Page 42 UC out]","prefix":", That winter all of the cars were taken by the ","exact":"huge metal lobster","suffix":" and laid \n￼Kay 30/7/91 9:06 pm Page 42 UC out","offset":30422,"length":18}],"relevance":0.212},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/f3f9f413-3163-39f1-b2f2-c9a6a23fa960":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Facility","name":"Lighthouse Wall CO One Foot","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Facility","instances":[{"detection":"[V7He Told Us He Wanted a Black Coffin ST^ ]Lighthouse Wall CO One Foot[ on the Dashboard G I jam jar 02- Mummy and Donor]","prefix":"V7He Told Us He Wanted a Black Coffin ST^ ","exact":"Lighthouse Wall CO One Foot","suffix":" on the Dashboard G I jam jar 02- Mummy and Donor","offset":3260,"length":27}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/a9803d66-105b-388a-9bd2-de60db6ad233":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"waitress","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[She liked hockey. She worked in Aberdeen as ]a waitress[. She was five foot eight inches. I thought I\u2019d]","prefix":"She liked hockey. She worked in Aberdeen as ","exact":"a waitress","suffix":". She was five foot eight inches. I thought I\u2019d","offset":7801,"length":10},{"detection":"[hockey best She is twenty-six today She was ]a waitress[ My hair is grey She wears no particular dress]","prefix":"hockey best She is twenty-six today She was ","exact":"a waitress","suffix":" My hair is grey She wears no particular dress","offset":23189,"length":10}],"relevance":0.337},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/b7496bb5-9ad7-39c7-8e72-188259c72672":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"NaturalFeature","name":"Black Sea","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/NaturalFeature","instances":[{"detection":"[or mist from the sea; which sea would that be? ]The Black Sea[. The Red Sea. The North Sea. I am running]","prefix":"or mist from the sea; which sea would that be? ","exact":"The Black Sea","suffix":". The Red Sea. The North Sea. I am running","offset":47400,"length":13}],"relevance":0.087},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/9536ed00-7d22-3060-9e91-e8ddf07baf19":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Katharine Hepburn","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Katharine Hepburn","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[ a baby in a bath ( I'm not sure maybe I'd prefer ]Katharine Hepburn[ tossing my red hair, having a hot temper. I says]","prefix":" a baby in a bath ( I'm not sure maybe I'd prefer ","exact":"Katharine Hepburn","suffix":" tossing my red hair, having a hot temper. I says","offset":18411,"length":17}],"relevance":0.272},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/6e462c8f-34ef-3a2b-b415-397c4c69dbcc":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"black car","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[was bom only the day in autumn she died; in the ]black car[ on the 8th of October the windscreen wipers]","prefix":"was bom only the day in autumn she died; in the ","exact":"black car","suffix":" on the 8th of October the windscreen wipers","offset":59570,"length":9}],"relevance":0.037},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/7cd0959d-b740-3db9-997b-c737893b3428":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Organization","name":"G7","organizationtype":"governmental civilian","nationality":"N/A","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Organization","instances":[{"detection":"[ Went Close Shave \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 8 £7 ]G7[ 7 0 ~~l| ~>i Dressing Up Bed from the W indow I]","prefix":" Went Close Shave \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:23 pm Page 8 £7 ","exact":"G7","suffix":" 7 0 ~~l| ~>i Dressing Up Bed from the W indow I","offset":3415,"length":2}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/4d10d257-2fc4-3ae9-ae20-7de5d327dfae":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"nurse","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[is the only female person I've seen (except for ]a nurse[ on TV) who looks like me. She had big hair like]","prefix":"is the only female person I've seen (except for ","exact":"a nurse","suffix":" on TV) who looks like me. She had big hair like","offset":19489,"length":7},{"detection":"[ why bother hanging on My body is cold. I call my ]nurse[ all the time. I have a thing that I squeeze and]","prefix":" why bother hanging on My body is cold. I call my ","exact":"nurse","suffix":" all the time. I have a thing that I squeeze and","offset":46455,"length":5},{"detection":"[ I'm having a blood transfusion. I am cold. I ask ]the nurse[ for another blanket. He tells me I am warm. I]","prefix":" I'm having a blood transfusion. I am cold. I ask ","exact":"the nurse","suffix":" for another blanket. He tells me I am warm. I","offset":47163,"length":9}],"relevance":0.387},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/7f2bfef9-5692-3ef2-b907-a93332bc6a8f":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Bessie Smith","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Bessie Smith","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[the life I lead tired of the blues I breed and ]Bessie Smith[ I can't do without my kitchen man. Then we]","prefix":"the life I lead tired of the blues I breed and ","exact":"Bessie Smith","suffix":" I can't do without my kitchen man. Then we","offset":15191,"length":12},{"detection":"[that\u2019s why I don\u2019t like all this talk about ]her[ being black I brought her up as my own as I]","prefix":"that\u2019s why I don\u2019t like all this talk about ","exact":"her","suffix":" being black I brought her up as my own as I","offset":15409,"length":3},{"detection":"[all this talk about her being black I brought ]her[ up as my own as I would any other child colour]","prefix":"all this talk about her being black I brought ","exact":"her","suffix":" up as my own as I would any other child colour","offset":15435,"length":3},{"detection":"[other child colour matters to the nutters* but ]she[ says my daughter says it matters to her I]","prefix":"other child colour matters to the nutters* but ","exact":"she","suffix":" says my daughter says it matters to her I","offset":15514,"length":3},{"detection":"[but she says my daughter says it matters to ]her[ I suppose there would have been things I]","prefix":"but she says my daughter says it matters to ","exact":"her","suffix":" I suppose there would have been things I","offset":15554,"length":3},{"detection":"[I couldn\u2019t understand with any child we knew ]she[ was coloured . 'they told us they had no babies]","prefix":"I couldn\u2019t understand with any child we knew ","exact":"she","suffix":" was coloured . 'they told us they had no babies","offset":15642,"length":3},{"detection":"[in that case we have a baby for you ~ to think ]she[ wasn\u2019t even thought of as a baby; my baby, my]","prefix":"in that case we have a baby for you ~ to think ","exact":"she","suffix":" wasn\u2019t even thought of as a baby; my baby, my","offset":15835,"length":3},{"detection":"[tomorrow. But Miss. Save it for Mr Thompson ]she[ says (0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 28 My]","prefix":"tomorrow. But Miss. Save it for Mr Thompson ","exact":"she","suffix":" says (0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 28 My","offset":16607,"length":3}],"relevance":0.371},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/8878fcc5-7515-3e3f-959e-ad8bf7813011":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Kathryn Perry","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Kathryn Perry","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[(extra Paragraph.) I'd also like to thank ]Kathryn Perry[, Wendy Young, Fred D'Aguiar, Carol Ann Duffy,]","prefix":"(extra Paragraph.) I'd also like to thank ","exact":"Kathryn Perry","suffix":", Wendy Young, Fred D'Aguiar, Carol Ann Duffy,","offset":2346,"length":13}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/9516d90c-09de-3709-adfc-a295d400244c":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Audre Lorde","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Audre Lorde","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[Wendy Young, Fred D'Aguiar, Carol Ann Duffy, ]Audre Lorde[, Frances Anne Soloman, Helen and John Kay for]","prefix":"Wendy Young, Fred D'Aguiar, Carol Ann Duffy, ","exact":"Audre Lorde","suffix":", Frances Anne Soloman, Helen and John Kay for","offset":2406,"length":11}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/64e7d2c2-251a-3f0a-a0d8-15deb6f72503":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"chair","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[there then I thinks. I worry she's going to get ]the chair[. I worry she's worrying about the chair. My dad]","prefix":"there then I thinks. I worry she's going to get ","exact":"the chair","suffix":". I worry she's worrying about the chair. My dad","offset":20360,"length":9},{"detection":"[to get the chair. I worry she's worrying about ]the chair[. My dad says she'll be putting on a brave face.]","prefix":"to get the chair. I worry she's worrying about ","exact":"the chair","suffix":". My dad says she'll be putting on a brave face.","offset":20400,"length":9}],"relevance":0.261},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/56137f82-022d-363d-8021-4874c1b5f112":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Wendy Young","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Wendy Young","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[I'd also like to thank Kathryn Perry, ]Wendy Young[, Fred D'Aguiar, Carol Ann Duffy, Audre Lorde,]","prefix":"I'd also like to thank Kathryn Perry, ","exact":"Wendy Young","suffix":", Fred D'Aguiar, Carol Ann Duffy, Audre Lorde,","offset":2361,"length":11}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/1d695957-329a-3648-a161-7492df1e227d":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"Daily Worker","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 16 \n￼All the copies of ]the Daily Worker[ I shoved under the sofa the dove of peace I took]","prefix":"Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 16 \n￼All the copies of ","exact":"the Daily Worker","suffix":" I shoved under the sofa the dove of peace I took","offset":8072,"length":16}],"relevance":0.301},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/8f9f4178-c116-3fa0-aa4f-203bf0d8bc01":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"PublishedMedium","name":"Daily Record","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/PublishedMedium","instances":[{"detection":"[next door which sells hazelnut toffees and her ]Daily Record[, Chewing for ages over the front page^ her]","prefix":"next door which sells hazelnut toffees and her ","exact":"Daily Record","suffix":", Chewing for ages over the front page^ her","offset":33187,"length":12}],"relevance":0.197},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/18865315-a051-30a9-81cb-1257cbdb98e5":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"ProvinceOrState","name":"Mississippi","resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/geo/provinceorstate/ralg-geo1/94adf79d-053a-52f1-fe19-52bd40ed5d15","name":"Mississippi,United States","shortname":"Mississippi","containedbycountry":"United States","latitude":"32.9905984827","longitude":"-89.5261187442"}],"_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/ProvinceOrState","instances":[{"detection":"[I'll report you to the headmaster tomorrow. But ]Miss.[ Save it for Mr Thompson she says (0 \n￼Kay]","prefix":"I'll report you to the headmaster tomorrow. But ","exact":"Miss.","suffix":" Save it for Mr Thompson she says (0 \n￼Kay","offset":16577,"length":5},{"detection":"[school dinner hall stark naked}till I woke to ]Miss[, Miss Miss every m inute. Then, I bum ped into]","prefix":"school dinner hall stark naked}till I woke to ","exact":"Miss","suffix":", Miss Miss every m inute. Then, I bum ped into","offset":38383,"length":4}],"relevance":0.345},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/58f5ed73-dcd0-3785-96ba-dfde9ae63514":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"City","name":"Glasgow","resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/geo/city/ralg-geo1/ffc10bea-09eb-ebf9-1016-fbed14bd40a4","name":"Glasgow,Scotland,United Kingdom","shortname":"Glasgow","containedbystate":"Scotland","containedbycountry":"United Kingdom","latitude":"55.87","longitude":"-4.27"}],"_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/City","instances":[{"detection":"[inside a glass cot butyshe came faithful from ]Glasgow[ to Edinburgh and peered through the glass I must]","prefix":"inside a glass cot butyshe came faithful from ","exact":"Glasgow","suffix":" to Edinburgh and peered through the glass I must","offset":4187,"length":7},{"detection":"[inside a glass cot but she came faithful from ]Glasgow[ to Edinburgh and peered through the glass she]","prefix":"inside a glass cot but she came faithful from ","exact":"Glasgow","suffix":" to Edinburgh and peered through the glass she","offset":21567,"length":7},{"detection":"[I reach out to catch her Does she talk broad ]Glasgow[ ? But no matter how fast Maybe they moved years]","prefix":"I reach out to catch her Does she talk broad ","exact":"Glasgow","suffix":" ? But no matter how fast Maybe they moved years","offset":23515,"length":7},{"detection":"[is that; until the next time God grabs me in ]Glasgow[ with Gran. 3 By the time I am seven we are]","prefix":"is that; until the next time God grabs me in ","exact":"Glasgow","suffix":" with Gran. 3 By the time I am seven we are","offset":34165,"length":7}],"relevance":0.391},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/e4e611e9-e4af-3c34-ae2e-d69ff7ab9e22":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Lazarus Land","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Lazarus Land","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[ 18 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:27 pm Page 19 Chapter 4: Baby ]Lazarus Land[ moves like driven cattle. My eyes snatch pieces]","prefix":" 18 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:27 pm Page 19 Chapter 4: Baby ","exact":"Lazarus Land","suffix":" moves like driven cattle. My eyes snatch pieces","offset":9324,"length":12},{"detection":"[like? I don\u2019t know my man says. I could tell ]he[ was as nervous as me. On the way back his face]","prefix":"like? I don\u2019t know my man says. I could tell ","exact":"he","suffix":" was as nervous as me. On the way back his face","offset":10110,"length":2},{"detection":"[tell he was as nervous as me. On the way back ]his[ face was one long smile even although he didn\u2019t]","prefix":"tell he was as nervous as me. On the way back ","exact":"his","suffix":" face was one long smile even although he didn\u2019t","offset":10151,"length":3},{"detection":"[back his face was one long smile even although ]he[ didn\u2019t get inside. Only me. e 19 \n￼and buried]","prefix":"back his face was one long smile even although ","exact":"he","suffix":" didn\u2019t get inside. Only me. e 19 \n￼and buried","offset":10193,"length":2},{"detection":"[same night she came in by the window- my baby ]Lazarus[ and suckled at my breast. \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:28 pm]","prefix":"same night she came in by the window- my baby ","exact":"Lazarus","suffix":" and suckled at my breast. \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:28 pm","offset":10619,"length":7},{"detection":"[ cake house. Through the window, light rises like ]Lazarus[. The rain is soft and harmless once agaim yvi]","prefix":" cake house. Through the window, light rises like ","exact":"Lazarus","suffix":". The rain is soft and harmless once agaim yvi","offset":36868,"length":7}],"relevance":0.396},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/f96be8a6-f61e-3e7b-91ea-8c9d11792634":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Paul Robeson","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Paul Robeson","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[of peace I took down from the loo A poster of ]Paul Robeson[ saying give him his passport I took down from]","prefix":"of peace I took down from the loo A poster of ","exact":"Paul Robeson","suffix":" saying give him his passport I took down from","offset":8168,"length":12}],"relevance":0.301},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/14cad6c8-8550-327c-9770-63b3358c19c5":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Country","name":"Nigeria","resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/geo/country/ralg-geo1/f174114a-d69e-0db6-6eff-6090be60b5e5","name":"Nigeria","latitude":"7.62185729647","longitude":"6.9743328725"}],"_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Country","instances":[{"detection":"[we should have known better He couldn\u2019t leave ]Nigeria[, I missed him, silly things; his sudden high]","prefix":"we should have known better He couldn\u2019t leave ","exact":"Nigeria","suffix":", I missed him, silly things; his sudden high","offset":5453,"length":7}],"relevance":0.303},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/cde74663-c1be-389c-9f60-76b321021e61":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"e- ￼","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[PAPERS \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:24 pm Page 10 ©■ ■]e- \n￼[Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 11 I always wanted to]","prefix":"PAPERS \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:24 pm Page 10 ©■ ■","exact":"e- \n￼","suffix":"Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 11 I always wanted to","offset":3637,"length":5},{"detection":"[herself % 14 Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 14 -]e- \n￼[Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 15 §o much the better]","prefix":"herself % 14 Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 14 -","exact":"e- \n￼","suffix":"Kay 28/7/91 9:26 pm Page 15 §o much the better","offset":6474,"length":5},{"detection":"[ Munch. Tunde has the same thing to eat everyday. ]e- ■[e O 63 \n￼e- Close Shave The only time I forget is]","prefix":" Munch. Tunde has the same thing to eat everyday. ","exact":"e- ■","suffix":"e O 63 \n￼e- Close Shave The only time I forget is","offset":51289,"length":4}],"relevance":0.543},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/dbf8e28d-91b5-3b2a-be48-7c643da2e9da":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"David Cassidy","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"David Cassidy","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[ up Me and my best pal don't have Donny Osmond or ]David Cassidy[ on our walls and we don't wear Starsky and Hutch]","prefix":" up Me and my best pal don't have Donny Osmond or ","exact":"David Cassidy","suffix":" on our walls and we don't wear Starsky and Hutch","offset":14980,"length":13},{"detection":"[thought of as a baby; my baby, my baby I chase ]his[ Sambo Sambo all the way from the school gate. A]","prefix":"thought of as a baby; my baby, my baby I chase ","exact":"his","suffix":" Sambo Sambo all the way from the school gate. A","offset":15898,"length":3},{"detection":"[ - What did you call me? Say that again . Sam-bo. ]He[ plays the word like a bouncing ball but his eyes]","prefix":" - What did you call me? Say that again . Sam-bo. ","exact":"He","suffix":" plays the word like a bouncing ball but his eyes","offset":16017,"length":2},{"detection":"[He plays the word like a bouncing ball but ]his[ eyes move fast as ping pong, I shove him up]","prefix":"He plays the word like a bouncing ball but ","exact":"his","suffix":" eyes move fast as ping pong, I shove him up","offset":16060,"length":3},{"detection":"[but his eyes move fast as ping pong, I shove ]him[ up against the wall} ,8ay that again you wee]","prefix":"but his eyes move fast as ping pong, I shove ","exact":"him","suffix":" up against the wall} ,8ay that again you wee","offset":16101,"length":3},{"detection":"[,8ay that again you wee shite. Sambo, sambo, ]he['s crying now I knee him in the balls. What was]","prefix":",8ay that again you wee shite. Sambo, sambo, ","exact":"he","suffix":"'s crying now I knee him in the balls. What was","offset":16171,"length":2},{"detection":"[wee shite. Sambo, sambo, he's crying now I knee ]him[ in the balls. What was that? My fist is steel; I]","prefix":"wee shite. Sambo, sambo, he's crying now I knee ","exact":"him","suffix":" in the balls. What was that? My fist is steel; I","offset":16194,"length":3},{"detection":"[was that? My fist is steel; I punch and punch ]his[ gut. Sorry I didn't hear you? His tears drip]","prefix":"was that? My fist is steel; I punch and punch ","exact":"his","suffix":" gut. Sorry I didn't hear you? His tears drip","offset":16263,"length":3},{"detection":"[and punch his gut. Sorry I didn't hear you? ]His[ tears drip like wax. Nothing he heaves I didn't]","prefix":"and punch his gut. Sorry I didn't hear you? ","exact":"His","suffix":" tears drip like wax. Nothing he heaves I didn't","offset":16297,"length":3},{"detection":"[hear you? His tears drip like wax. Nothing ]he[ heaves I didn't say nothing. I let him go. He is]","prefix":"hear you? His tears drip like wax. Nothing ","exact":"he","suffix":" heaves I didn't say nothing. I let him go. He is","offset":16330,"length":2},{"detection":"[Nothing he heaves I didn't say nothing. I let ]him[ go. He is a rat running. He turns and shouts]","prefix":"Nothing he heaves I didn't say nothing. I let ","exact":"him","suffix":" go. He is a rat running. He turns and shouts","offset":16368,"length":3},{"detection":"[he heaves I didn't say nothing. I let him go. ]He[ is a rat running. He turns and shouts Dirty]","prefix":"he heaves I didn't say nothing. I let him go. ","exact":"He","suffix":" is a rat running. He turns and shouts Dirty","offset":16376,"length":2},{"detection":"[say nothing. I let him go. He is a rat running. ]He[ turns and shouts Dirty Darkie I chase him again.]","prefix":"say nothing. I let him go. He is a rat running. ","exact":"He","suffix":" turns and shouts Dirty Darkie I chase him again.","offset":16397,"length":2},{"detection":"[He turns and shouts Dirty Darkie I chase ]him[ again. Blonde hairs in my hand. Excuse me! This]","prefix":"He turns and shouts Dirty Darkie I chase ","exact":"him","suffix":" again. Blonde hairs in my hand. Excuse me! This","offset":16438,"length":3}],"relevance":0.437},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/cc88b155-205c-3676-a151-d45f473f0b16":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Country","name":"United Kingdom","resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/geo/country/ralg-geo1/9cdc126f-6826-0cbd-df3a-00a4032f0e7e","name":"United Kingdom","latitude":"53.1142456495","longitude":"-2.57711368423"}],"_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Country","instances":[{"detection":"[ H Reprographics, Newcastle upon Tyne. Printed in ]Great Britain[ by Billing & Sons Limited, Worcester. \n￼Kay]","prefix":" H Reprographics, Newcastle upon Tyne. Printed in ","exact":"Great Britain","suffix":" by Billing & Sons Limited, Worcester. \n￼Kay","offset":805,"length":13},{"detection":"[with Matilda , They had reached that decade in ]Britain[ \u2014 people lined up against the walls; mouths wide]","prefix":"with Matilda , They had reached that decade in ","exact":"Britain","suffix":" \u2014 people lined up against the walls; mouths wide","offset":28356,"length":7}],"relevance":0.378},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/af8c6db6-389e-3260-8475-32787fae3b26":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Ma","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Ma","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[6: The Telling Part Ma mammy bot me oot a shop ]Ma[ mammy says I was a luvly baby Ma mammy picked me]","prefix":"6: The Telling Part Ma mammy bot me oot a shop ","exact":"Ma","suffix":" mammy says I was a luvly baby Ma mammy picked me","offset":12336,"length":2},{"detection":"[me oot a shop Ma mammy says I was a luvly baby ]Ma[ mammy picked me (I wiz the best) your mammy had]","prefix":"me oot a shop Ma mammy says I was a luvly baby ","exact":"Ma","suffix":" mammy picked me (I wiz the best) your mammy had","offset":12369,"length":2},{"detection":"[your mammy had to take you (she'd no choice) ]Ma[ mammy says she's no really ma mammy (just kid]","prefix":"your mammy had to take you (she'd no choice) ","exact":"Ma","suffix":" mammy says she's no really ma mammy (just kid","offset":12450,"length":2},{"detection":"[- real typical working class Scottish: Da beats ]Ma[ drinks it off, I couldn't stomach it, banging]","prefix":"- real typical working class Scottish: Da beats ","exact":"Ma","suffix":" drinks it off, I couldn't stomach it, banging","offset":52836,"length":2},{"detection":"[ on after powder, I love wearing lots of layers i ]Ma[ ma always dresses boring No frills. See at]","prefix":" on after powder, I love wearing lots of layers i ","exact":"Ma","suffix":" ma always dresses boring No frills. See at","offset":53171,"length":2},{"detection":"[my beautiful feather boa - bright fucking red , ]Ma[ ma didn't touch her turkey, Finally she said]","prefix":"my beautiful feather boa - bright fucking red , ","exact":"Ma","suffix":" ma didn't touch her turkey, Finally she said","offset":53367,"length":2},{"detection":"[DEATH TO POLL TAX - a policeman punching ]him[ every time he gets to Poll. Death to Poll THUD]","prefix":"DEATH TO POLL TAX - a policeman punching ","exact":"him","suffix":" every time he gets to Poll. Death to Poll THUD","offset":55695,"length":3},{"detection":"[POLL TAX - a policeman punching him every time ]he[ gets to Poll. Death to Poll THUD Tax. His voice]","prefix":"POLL TAX - a policeman punching him every time ","exact":"he","suffix":" gets to Poll. Death to Poll THUD Tax. His voice","offset":55710,"length":2},{"detection":"[time he gets to Poll. Death to Poll THUD Tax. ]His[ voice is going like the sirens in the distance.]","prefix":"time he gets to Poll. Death to Poll THUD Tax. ","exact":"His","suffix":" voice is going like the sirens in the distance.","offset":55751,"length":3},{"detection":"[thing. I picked up the little boy and held ]him[ to my chest. I picked up the little boy and held]","prefix":"thing. I picked up the little boy and held ","exact":"him","suffix":" to my chest. I picked up the little boy and held","offset":57680,"length":3},{"detection":"[ to my chest. I picked up the little boy and held ]him[ to my chest. I said There there mummy's here.]","prefix":" to my chest. I picked up the little boy and held ","exact":"him","suffix":" to my chest. I said There there mummy's here.","offset":57733,"length":3},{"detection":"[ plane. Nobody noticed. Nobody said anything. And ]he[ is a black boy a beautiful black boy skin like]","prefix":" plane. Nobody noticed. Nobody said anything. And ","exact":"he","suffix":" is a black boy a beautiful black boy skin like","offset":58031,"length":2},{"detection":"[ a beautiful black boy skin like the sea at night ]his[ lips are a blueberry pie. 2 He is my boy now. My]","prefix":" a beautiful black boy skin like the sea at night ","exact":"his","suffix":" lips are a blueberry pie. 2 He is my boy now. My","offset":58098,"length":3},{"detection":"[ the sea at night his lips are a blueberry pie. 2 ]He[ is my boy now. My boy. In the m orning we eat]","prefix":" the sea at night his lips are a blueberry pie. 2 ","exact":"He","suffix":" is my boy now. My boy. In the m orning we eat","offset":58130,"length":2},{"detection":"[boy. In the m orning we eat porridge together, ]he[ drinks from the yellow cup I bought him. When we]","prefix":"boy. In the m orning we eat porridge together, ","exact":"he","suffix":" drinks from the yellow cup I bought him. When we","offset":58198,"length":2},{"detection":"[ together, he drinks from the yellow cup I bought ]him[. When we go out in the big old fashioned pram he]","prefix":" together, he drinks from the yellow cup I bought ","exact":"him","suffix":". When we go out in the big old fashioned pram he","offset":58237,"length":3},{"detection":"[When we go out in the big old fashioned pram ]he[ pretends he is my washing, At night I make him]","prefix":"When we go out in the big old fashioned pram ","exact":"he","suffix":" pretends he is my washing, At night I make him","offset":58287,"length":2},{"detection":"[ go out in the big old fashioned pram he pretends ]he[ is my washing, At night I make him stories out]","prefix":" go out in the big old fashioned pram he pretends ","exact":"he","suffix":" is my washing, At night I make him stories out","offset":58299,"length":2},{"detection":"[he pretends he is my washing, At night I make ]him[ stories out of things \n￼i \" ' I'm trying to]","prefix":"he pretends he is my washing, At night I make ","exact":"him","suffix":" stories out of things \n￼i \" ' I'm trying to","offset":58333,"length":3},{"detection":"[hair. 3 Today when Peter had fallen asleep in ]his[ little bed in my room, comfier than away in the]","prefix":"hair. 3 Today when Peter had fallen asleep in ","exact":"his","suffix":" little bed in my room, comfier than away in the","offset":58503,"length":3},{"detection":"[a newspaper for the first time since the day ]his[ mother gave him to me really.she must have]","prefix":"a newspaper for the first time since the day ","exact":"his","suffix":" mother gave him to me really.she must have","offset":58634,"length":3},{"detection":"[ for the first time since the day his mother gave ]him[ to me really.she must have wanted me to have him]","prefix":" for the first time since the day his mother gave ","exact":"him","suffix":" to me really.she must have wanted me to have him","offset":58650,"length":3},{"detection":"[ him to me really.she must have wanted me to have ]him[ - pernaps she planned it for weeks, following me]","prefix":" him to me really.she must have wanted me to have ","exact":"him","suffix":" - pernaps she planned it for weeks, following me","offset":58699,"length":3},{"detection":"[been? I've kept the picture for Peter for when ]he['s much older and will understand. I have not]","prefix":"been? I've kept the picture for Peter for when ","exact":"he","suffix":"'s much older and will understand. I have not","offset":58917,"length":2},{"detection":"[of fruit. Inside: the empty plates at the table ]his[ toys scattered everywhere like memories. I would]","prefix":"of fruit. Inside: the empty plates at the table ","exact":"his","suffix":" toys scattered everywhere like memories. I would","offset":59128,"length":3},{"detection":"[ throw gut the yellow cup), #ut all I caii see is ]his[ black eyes jum ping like a baby blackbird's. ■ ']","prefix":" throw gut the yellow cup), #ut all I caii see is ","exact":"his","suffix":" black eyes jum ping like a baby blackbird's. ■ '","offset":59809,"length":3}],"relevance":0.558},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/62e02ba1-4c5a-31fa-854e-f3e0e8a89a06":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"FREE ANGELA DAVIS","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"FREE ANGELA DAVIS","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[me a badge home which I wore to school. It says ]FREE ANGELA DAVIS[. And all my pals says 'Who's she?' 30 Kay]","prefix":"me a badge home which I wore to school. It says ","exact":"FREE ANGELA DAVIS","suffix":". And all my pals says 'Who's she?' 30 Kay","offset":20517,"length":17}],"relevance":0.259},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/e60b4f68-33dc-33df-8e67-661259836bc6":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Region","name":"Black Sea","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Region","instances":[{"detection":"[mist from the sea; which sea would that be? The ]Black Sea[. The Red Sea. The North Sea. I am running]","prefix":"mist from the sea; which sea would that be? The ","exact":"Black Sea","suffix":". The Red Sea. The North Sea. I am running","offset":47404,"length":9}],"relevance":0.087},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/6fda72fd-105c-39ba-bb79-da95785a249f":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"City","name":"London","resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/geo/city/ralg-geo1/f08025f6-8e95-c3ff-2909-0a5219ed3bfa","name":"London,Greater London,United Kingdom","shortname":"London","containedbystate":"Greater London","containedbycountry":"United Kingdom","latitude":"51.517124","longitude":"-0.106196"}],"_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/City","instances":[{"detection":"[ancestors? It's better for her now down here in ]London[. Yet still with her friends I shake a little]","prefix":"ancestors? It's better for her now down here in ","exact":"London","suffix":". Yet still with her friends I shake a little","offset":43082,"length":6}],"relevance":0.115},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/d0439ab2-7fc2-3a3d-9b7a-be9d3fa55bb2":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Country","name":"Scotland","resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/geo/country/ralg-geo1/2710cc30-f3c9-9e60-50a1-bc40a6afa13d","name":"Scotland","latitude":"56.4396121212","longitude":"-4.05319393939"}],"_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Country","instances":[{"detection":"[ could feel the kisses in prison all the way from ]Scotland[. Her skin is the same too you know. I can see my]","prefix":" could feel the kisses in prison all the way from ","exact":"Scotland","suffix":". Her skin is the same too you know. I can see my","offset":19783,"length":8},{"detection":"[grandmothers what were the days like passed in ]Scotland[ the land I come from the soil in my blood. Put]","prefix":"grandmothers what were the days like passed in ","exact":"Scotland","suffix":" the land I come from the soil in my blood. Put","offset":22537,"length":8}],"relevance":0.269},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/b8ec1479-604c-3368-9465-78e6ea0af26e":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Organization","name":"NHS","organizationtype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Organization","instances":[{"detection":"[8 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 9:05 pm Page 40 Severe Gale 8 ]NHS[ There was no bread; he painted the sky in oils -]","prefix":"8 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 9:05 pm Page 40 Severe Gale 8 ","exact":"NHS","suffix":" There was no bread; he painted the sky in oils -","offset":28151,"length":3}],"relevance":0.216},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/bbf95492-2c55-34c3-95b6-4721f680afbf":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Fred D'Aguiar","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Fred D'Aguiar","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[also like to thank Kathryn Perry, Wendy Young, ]Fred D'Aguiar[, Carol Ann Duffy, Audre Lorde, Frances Anne]","prefix":"also like to thank Kathryn Perry, Wendy Young, ","exact":"Fred D'Aguiar","suffix":", Carol Ann Duffy, Audre Lorde, Frances Anne","offset":2374,"length":13}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/7847d0ae-0b19-3e09-8222-0154f1dde22f":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Donny Osmond","persontype":"entertainment","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Donny Osmond","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[crack me up Me and my best pal don't have ]Donny Osmond[ or David Cassidy on our walls and we don't wear]","prefix":"crack me up Me and my best pal don't have ","exact":"Donny Osmond","suffix":" or David Cassidy on our walls and we don't wear","offset":14964,"length":12}],"relevance":0.287},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/024b39e6-0c5a-3c99-8c95-0207c3fb9294":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Louis Armstrong","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Louis Armstrong","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[ spaghetti bolognese in lunch hours and danced to ]Louis Armstrong[; his gramophone loud as our two heart beats]","prefix":" spaghetti bolognese in lunch hours and danced to ","exact":"Louis Armstrong","suffix":"; his gramophone loud as our two heart beats","offset":37981,"length":15},{"detection":"[in lunch hours and danced to Louis Armstrong; ]his[ gramophone loud as our two heart beats going]","prefix":"in lunch hours and danced to Louis Armstrong; ","exact":"his","suffix":" gramophone loud as our two heart beats going","offset":37998,"length":3},{"detection":"[i bumped into you I'd just say Hi. I tucked ]his[ photo booth smile into my satchel brought him]","prefix":"i bumped into you I'd just say Hi. I tucked ","exact":"his","suffix":" photo booth smile into my satchel brought him","offset":38173,"length":3},{"detection":"[his photo booth smile into my satchel brought ]him[ out for my pals in the intervals. A while later]","prefix":"his photo booth smile into my satchel brought ","exact":"him","suffix":" out for my pals in the intervals. A while later","offset":38219,"length":3}],"relevance":0.162},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/2516217a-22f4-35d3-a088-85b4c8ae5339":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"electric chair","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[says it's a set up. I asked him if she'll get ]the electric chair[ like them Roseberries he was telling me about.]","prefix":"says it's a set up. I asked him if she'll get ","exact":"the electric chair","suffix":" like them Roseberries he was telling me about.","offset":20186,"length":18}],"relevance":0.262},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/a9482a42-33dd-32d6-baaa-2747a1e6a075":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"chemicals","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[is selling organic vegetables (no sprays, no ]chemicals[), Only to find the bloody English apples are]","prefix":"is selling organic vegetables (no sprays, no ","exact":"chemicals","suffix":"), Only to find the bloody English apples are","offset":54012,"length":9}],"relevance":0.055},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/dd7192e9-0497-3efe-9d8e-ec901ccde849":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"e- -","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[my milk teeth ate the digestive left for Santa ]e- -[© O 23 \n￼PART TWO: 1967-1971 Chapter 6: The]","prefix":"my milk teeth ate the digestive left for Santa ","exact":"e- -","suffix":"© O 23 \n￼PART TWO: 1967-1971 Chapter 6: The","offset":12248,"length":4}],"relevance":0.292},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/f8d4beae-e28f-3d9b-adc0-ab8619e790c7":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"City","name":"Edinburgh","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/City","instances":[{"detection":"[glass cot butyshe came faithful from Glasgow to ]Edinburgh[ and peered through the glass I must have felt]","prefix":"glass cot butyshe came faithful from Glasgow to ","exact":"Edinburgh","suffix":" and peered through the glass I must have felt","offset":4198,"length":9},{"detection":"[I was born in, the time I cam e. Outside ]Edinburgh[ is soaked in sunshine I talk to myself walking]","prefix":"I was born in, the time I cam e. Outside ","exact":"Edinburgh","suffix":" is soaked in sunshine I talk to myself walking","offset":5898,"length":9},{"detection":"[a slim manilla envelope arrives postm arked ]Edinburgh[: one piece of paper I have now been able to look]","prefix":"a slim manilla envelope arrives postm arked ","exact":"Edinburgh","suffix":": one piece of paper I have now been able to look","offset":7500,"length":9},{"detection":"[GIVES BABY AWAY December We drove through to ]Edinburgh[) I was that excited the forty miles seemed a]","prefix":"GIVES BABY AWAY December We drove through to ","exact":"Edinburgh","suffix":") I was that excited the forty miles seemed a","offset":9970,"length":9},{"detection":"[ Hat Dream Today I ring the counselling agency in ]Edinburgh[. Can you start to trace through marriage]","prefix":" Hat Dream Today I ring the counselling agency in ","exact":"Edinburgh","suffix":". Can you start to trace through marriage","offset":10753,"length":9},{"detection":"[glass cot but she came faithful from Glasgow to ]Edinburgh[ and peered through the glass she would not pick]","prefix":"glass cot but she came faithful from Glasgow to ","exact":"Edinburgh","suffix":" and peered through the glass she would not pick","offset":21578,"length":9}],"relevance":0.343},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/4b4659f9-84f1-3fae-9aed-fbd276efb39a":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"PhoneNumber","name":"1967-1979","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/PhoneNumber","instances":[{"detection":"[22 chapter5:TheTweedHatDream Part Two: ]1967-1979[ 2M CHAPTER6:TheTellingPart 27]","prefix":"22 chapter5:TheTweedHatDream Part Two: ","exact":"1967-1979","suffix":" 2M CHAPTER6:TheTellingPart 27","offset":2784,"length":9}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/606c64b8-2b3d-3e1c-b772-1b825cd939df":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Bette Davis","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Bette Davis","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[tea and cake, forget them\u2019. Maybe it's really ]Bette Davis[ I want to be the good twin or even better the]","prefix":"tea and cake, forget them\u2019. Maybe it's really ","exact":"Bette Davis","suffix":" I want to be the good twin or even better the","offset":18274,"length":11}],"relevance":0.272},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/c14241b6-5f57-315c-9d5e-aa617f57bfc1":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"head","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[its origins - honestly this baby is going to my ]head[ , She crosses her legs on the sofa I fancy I]","prefix":"its origins - honestly this baby is going to my ","exact":"head","suffix":" , She crosses her legs on the sofa I fancy I","offset":8473,"length":4}],"relevance":0.301},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/b0067eb7-efce-327e-b6be-34f51e05fb61":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"ContactDetails","phonenumber":"1980-1990","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/ContactDetails","instances":[{"detection":"[27 CHAPTER7:BlackBottom } / yG Part Three: ]1980-1990[ c h a p t e r 8: G e n e r a t i o n s CHAPTER]","prefix":"27 CHAPTER7:BlackBottom } / yG Part Three: ","exact":"1980-1990","suffix":" c h a p t e r 8: G e n e r a t i o n s CHAPTER","offset":2864,"length":9}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/90935857-05cc-3b9e-8f41-187692480a10":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"Us He Wanted a Black Coffin '^r ct NkM\\csW^ I phoned up the funeral director he said it would cost us a fortune so we bought an ordinary pine one painted it black matt like his furniture","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/4e139016-c242-30a2-81cc-cde583128eda","instances":[{"detection":"[The wind whips. At last, I know this hand. \n]￼He Told Us He Wanted a Black Coffin '^r ct NkM\\csW^ I phoned up the funeral director he said it would cost us a fortune so we bought an ordinary pine one painted it black matt like his furniture.[ It looked smashing. He went out like Charles]","prefix":"The wind whips. At last, I know this hand. \n","exact":"￼He Told Us He Wanted a Black Coffin '^r ct NkM\\csW^ I phoned up the funeral director he said it would cost us a fortune so we bought an ordinary pine one painted it black matt like his furniture.","suffix":" It looked smashing. He went out like Charles","offset":47771,"length":196}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/2448c554-411d-3ef7-b858-6b93a6b720fa":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"in her soft Highland voice can you let me see her","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a032363d-0379-3b1b-9c1a-d60d30cd2591","instances":[{"detection":"[except of course she\u2019s white; lightning white. ]She says in her soft Highland voice can you let me see her?[ Can you? What could I do? She comes in swift as]","prefix":"except of course she\u2019s white; lightning white. ","exact":"She says in her soft Highland voice can you let me see her?","suffix":" Can you? What could I do? She comes in swift as","offset":11403,"length":59}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/55f968e3-a53a-3305-ac6d-4cdb652657bb":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"it's every couple's dream I won't have to wait for you up there \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:56 pm Page 56 I'll have you night after night - your glorious legs Your strong hard belly, your kissable cheeks, I cry when he says things like that My shoulders cave in, my breathing trapped Do you think you have a corner on dying","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/4e139016-c242-30a2-81cc-cde583128eda","instances":[{"detection":"[You all think death is a joke It's not funny. ]I'm dying for fuck's sake I think he gave it to m e, Just think he says it's every couple's dream I won't have to wait for you up there \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:56 pm Page 56 I'll have you night after night - your glorious legs Your strong hard belly, your kissable cheeks, I cry when he says things like that My shoulders cave in, my breathing trapped Do you think you have a corner on dying[ You self-pitying wretch, pathetic queen. He]","prefix":"You all think death is a joke It's not funny. ","exact":"I'm dying for fuck's sake I think he gave it to m e, Just think he says it's every couple's dream I won't have to wait for you up there \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:56 pm Page 56 I'll have you night after night - your glorious legs Your strong hard belly, your kissable cheeks, I cry when he says things like that My shoulders cave in, my breathing trapped Do you think you have a corner on dying","suffix":" You self-pitying wretch, pathetic queen. He","offset":45390,"length":383}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/80de1e87-3c5c-32bd-8208-2111dbbf1ab7":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"PersonCommunication","persondescription":"family","status":"announced","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/PersonCommunication","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a032363d-0379-3b1b-9c1a-d60d30cd2591","instances":[{"detection":"[up. ■e- 51 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:55 pm Page 52 When ]my family first met her[ they thought I was undoing my past through her.]","prefix":"up. ■e- 51 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:55 pm Page 52 When ","exact":"my family first met her","suffix":" they thought I was undoing my past through her.","offset":40938,"length":23}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/82477837-46d9-313f-9e18-6e316032d65f":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"Darkies are like coal in front of the whole class - my blood what does she mean","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a032363d-0379-3b1b-9c1a-d60d30cd2591","instances":[{"detection":"[do I thought you people had it in your blood. ]My skin is hot as burning coal like that time she said Darkies are like coal in front of the whole class - my blood what does she mean?[ I thought she'd stopped all that after the last]","prefix":"do I thought you people had it in your blood. ","exact":"My skin is hot as burning coal like that time she said Darkies are like coal in front of the whole class - my blood what does she mean?","suffix":" I thought she'd stopped all that after the last","offset":17636,"length":135}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/c3ead076-048a-3279-881d-888d9157e5cf":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"come from their daddys using the penis; others from their mummys using frozen sperm; others because their m um m ys get the seed put it in a syringe and put it in the vagina","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a032363d-0379-3b1b-9c1a-d60d30cd2591","instances":[{"detection":"[ of Aqua Libre. Wine's bad with sperm apparently. ]62 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:57 pm Page 63 I told Tunde some kids come from their daddys using the penis; others from their mummys using frozen sperm; others because their m um m ys get the seed put it in a syringe and put it in the vagina.[ I wiped the tears from his face. I kept saying]","prefix":" of Aqua Libre. Wine's bad with sperm apparently. ","exact":"62 \n￼Kay 30/7/91 8:57 pm Page 63 I told Tunde some kids come from their daddys using the penis; others from their mummys using frozen sperm; others because their m um m ys get the seed put it in a syringe and put it in the vagina.","suffix":" I wiped the tears from his face. I kept saying","offset":50691,"length":230}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/1b7e05c5-e24e-3f62-b210-f415712a69f5":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Bankruptcy","date":"1991-07-28","datestring":"28/7/91","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Bankruptcy","company":"http://d.opencalais.com/comphash-1/c627d17a-f2dd-309f-bae9-b3a757094f3e","instances":[{"detection":"[any more. Daft Getting myself into a tizzy. ]00 35 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:32 pm Page 36 ^u Chapter 10: The Meeting Dream If I picture it like this it hurts less We are both shy though our eyes are not p they pierce below skin , -we are not as we imagined ' I am smaller,fatter;darker I am taller .thinner and I'd always imagined her hair dark brown not grey.[ I can see my chin in hers that is all, though no]","prefix":"any more. Daft Getting myself into a tizzy. ","exact":"00 35 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:32 pm Page 36 ^u Chapter 10: The Meeting Dream If I picture it like this it hurts less We are both shy though our eyes are not p they pierce below skin , -we are not as we imagined ' I am smaller,fatter;darker I am taller .thinner and I'd always imagined her hair dark brown not grey.","suffix":" I can see my chin in hers that is all, though no","offset":25109,"length":306}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/4679e0b3-785a-3320-a7f9-954c92a0b03d":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"He was gone Before they woke, giggling round breakfast","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/4e139016-c242-30a2-81cc-cde583128eda","instances":[{"detection":"[I liked sleeping in his smooth arms till dawn. ]He was gone Before they woke, giggling round breakfast, He says nobody else can cut my curls.[ I laughed loud for the first time since God]","prefix":"I liked sleeping in his smooth arms till dawn. ","exact":"He was gone Before they woke, giggling round breakfast, He says nobody else can cut my curls.","suffix":" I laughed loud for the first time since God","offset":52284,"length":93}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/4087aa40-3b20-3039-b4bc-92d64f88e14e":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"I am warm","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/4e139016-c242-30a2-81cc-cde583128eda","instances":[{"detection":"[I am cold. I ask the nurse for another blanket. ]He tells me I am warm.[ I don't argue anymore. I haven't got what?]","prefix":"I am cold. I ask the nurse for another blanket. ","exact":"He tells me I am warm.","suffix":" I don't argue anymore. I haven't got what?","offset":47194,"length":22}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/3c696532-2956-3b63-8f88-bd3c156db882":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"\u2018ah but it\u2019s not like having your own child though is it\u2019# I say of course it is, what else is it ? she\u2019s my child, I have told her stories wept at her losses, laughed at her pleasures, she is mine","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a032363d-0379-3b1b-9c1a-d60d30cd2591","instances":[{"detection":"[back Mammy's skin is toffee stuck to the floor. ]And her bones are all scattered like toys, \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:29 pm Page 26 Now when people say \u2018ah but it\u2019s not like having your own child though is it\u2019# I say of course it is, what else is it ? she\u2019s my child, I have told her stories wept at her losses, laughed at her pleasures, she is mine.[ I was always the first to hear her in the night]","prefix":"back Mammy's skin is toffee stuck to the floor. ","exact":"And her bones are all scattered like toys, \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:29 pm Page 26 Now when people say \u2018ah but it\u2019s not like having your own child though is it\u2019# I say of course it is, what else is it ? she\u2019s my child, I have told her stories wept at her losses, laughed at her pleasures, she is mine.","suffix":" I was always the first to hear her in the night","offset":14385,"length":291}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/f06b3db6-17e7-3d58-bf1a-88038672649d":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"CompanyLocation","companylocationtype":"N/A","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/CompanyLocation","company":"http://d.opencalais.com/comphash-1/c7428c8b-4052-33c8-853f-2777f8ecdd07","city":"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/48418b2b-e9db-3573-9614-d0e6541ecee6","instances":[{"detection":"[ Newcastle upon Tyne. Printed in Great Britain by ]Billing & Sons Limited, Worcester[. \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 5 -0- For my mother,]","prefix":" Newcastle upon Tyne. Printed in Great Britain by ","exact":"Billing & Sons Limited, Worcester","suffix":". \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:22 pm Page 5 -0- For my mother,","offset":822,"length":33}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/c346bf50-045b-3d10-a3a9-9c9a7548d9ac":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"PersonCareer","careertype":"professional","status":"current","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/PersonCareer","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a5356286-cd42-3c3d-9452-ea5bc4c2b4ee","position":"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/c14241b6-5f57-315c-9d5e-aa617f57bfc1","company":"http://d.opencalais.com/comphash-1/c627d17a-f2dd-309f-bae9-b3a757094f3e","instances":[{"detection":"[its origins - honestly this baby is going to my ]head , She[ crosses her legs on the sofa I fancy I hear the]","prefix":"its origins - honestly this baby is going to my ","exact":"head , She","suffix":" crosses her legs on the sofa I fancy I hear the","offset":8473,"length":10}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/148476a8-496c-3178-bbba-5a8fc704524f":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"Are they dirty words","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/4e139016-c242-30a2-81cc-cde583128eda","instances":[{"detection":"[never mind. Tunde won't play with him any more. ]Are they dirty words, he asks me.[ What am I supposed to say? Tell me. Today Tunde]","prefix":"never mind. Tunde won't play with him any more. ","exact":"Are they dirty words, he asks me.","suffix":" What am I supposed to say? Tell me. Today Tunde","offset":51028,"length":33}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/c1c31cc2-1596-3352-9ee4-d5845719daa7":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"Nojbut one of the girls will have it","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a5356286-cd42-3c3d-9452-ea5bc4c2b4ee","instances":[{"detection":"[Elizabeth, do you have her present address?' ]Sorry, she says, Nojbut one of the girls will have it.[ She gives me another Highland number]","prefix":"Elizabeth, do you have her present address?' ","exact":"Sorry, she says, Nojbut one of the girls will have it.","suffix":" She gives me another Highland number","offset":24100,"length":54}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/59b5e706-e2bd-3b29-bb25-10a2bbda9b59":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"CompanyLaborIssues","status":"known","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/CompanyLaborIssues","company":"http://d.opencalais.com/comphash-1/c627d17a-f2dd-309f-bae9-b3a757094f3e","instances":[{"detection":"[ rain is soft and harmless once agaim yvi yMagic. ]We walk out[, after you say Ciaou ten times, with their]","prefix":" rain is soft and harmless once agaim yvi yMagic. ","exact":"We walk out","suffix":", after you say Ciaou ten times, with their","offset":36930,"length":11}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/48fe8176-cb33-37f9-a92b-7474c26806f5":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"What did I do} I know what they call you, transvite, tou lookabloodymessyoudo, She had a black eye, a navy dress","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a032363d-0379-3b1b-9c1a-d60d30cd2591","instances":[{"detection":"[layers i Ma ma always dresses boring No frills. ]See at Christmas I had on black stockings Santa would kill for and even Quentin Crisp would look drab beside my beautiful feather boa - bright fucking red , Ma ma didn't touch her turkey, Finally she said What did I do} I know what they call you, transvite, tou lookabloodymessyoudo, She had a black eye, a navy dress.[ \n￼I try my absolute best I give my kids pure]","prefix":"layers i Ma ma always dresses boring No frills. ","exact":"See at Christmas I had on black stockings Santa would kill for and even Quentin Crisp would look drab beside my beautiful feather boa - bright fucking red , Ma ma didn't touch her turkey, Finally she said What did I do} I know what they call you, transvite, tou lookabloodymessyoudo, She had a black eye, a navy dress.","suffix":" \n￼I try my absolute best I give my kids pure","offset":53210,"length":318}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/80e32d02-a9bf-3dc9-8738-71e84ff6d11d":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"Dirty Darkie I chase him again","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/dbf8e28d-91b5-3b2a-be48-7c643da2e9da","instances":[{"detection":"[say nothing. I let him go. He is a rat running. ]He turns and shouts Dirty Darkie I chase him again.[ Blonde hairs in my hand. Excuse me! This teacher]","prefix":"say nothing. I let him go. He is a rat running. ","exact":"He turns and shouts Dirty Darkie I chase him again.","suffix":" Blonde hairs in my hand. Excuse me! This teacher","offset":16397,"length":51}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/d5b95442-6d76-3700-b459-cd822beff3fa":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"beautiful child, skin the colour of cafe au lait","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a032363d-0379-3b1b-9c1a-d60d30cd2591","instances":[{"detection":"[me a song? Someone's crying my Lord Kumbaya. ]Lovely, she says, beautiful child, skin the colour of cafe au lait.[ ' Cafe oh what? Hope she's not being any bother,]","prefix":"me a song? Someone's crying my Lord Kumbaya. ","exact":"Lovely, she says, beautiful child, skin the colour of cafe au lait.","suffix":" ' Cafe oh what? Hope she's not being any bother,","offset":34823,"length":67}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/a37d6e97-6fea-3609-bdd5-f1b052324756":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"the world is on her side","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/c1112a43-7037-3a02-9c4d-1f7b80e28ad9","instances":[{"detection":"[like them Roseberries he was telling me about. ]No he says the world is on her side.[ Well how come she's in there then I thinks. I]","prefix":"like them Roseberries he was telling me about. ","exact":"No he says the world is on her side.","suffix":" Well how come she's in there then I thinks. I","offset":20252,"length":36}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/80b2f167-2575-35e7-92b4-89c7918aefc5":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"me you\u2019d ring, How are you","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a5356286-cd42-3c3d-9452-ea5bc4c2b4ee","instances":[{"detection":"[so love. I thought it was you. Mam knew too. ]She just rang to warn me you\u2019d ring, How are you?[ How's your life been? I'll give her yours.]","prefix":"so love. I thought it was you. Mam knew too. ","exact":"She just rang to warn me you\u2019d ring, How are you?","suffix":" How's your life been? I'll give her yours.","offset":24542,"length":49}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/1d247dff-ba18-3618-9946-1e3f7b27fdb5":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Conviction","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Conviction","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/b4c62c4a-791f-3163-ba33-82d4c6bc5a6d","instances":[{"detection":"[her. On my bedroom wall is a big poster of ]Angela Davis who is in prison[ right now for nothing at all except she wouldn't]","prefix":"her. On my bedroom wall is a big poster of ","exact":"Angela Davis who is in prison","suffix":" right now for nothing at all except she wouldn't","offset":19150,"length":29}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/3d58445f-df2e-37cc-adc6-b06986aa5f5b":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":". and sits down for another cup of coffee , 18 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:27 pm Page 19 Chapter 4: Baby Lazarus Land moves like driven cattle","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a032363d-0379-3b1b-9c1a-d60d30cd2591","instances":[{"detection":"[in a nuclear free world. Oh. Her eyes light up. ]I\u2019m all for peace myself she says. and sits down for another cup of coffee , 18 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:27 pm Page 19 Chapter 4: Baby Lazarus Land moves like driven cattle.[ My eyes snatch pieces of news headlines strung]","prefix":"in a nuclear free world. Oh. Her eyes light up. ","exact":"I\u2019m all for peace myself she says. and sits down for another cup of coffee , 18 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:27 pm Page 19 Chapter 4: Baby Lazarus Land moves like driven cattle.","suffix":" My eyes snatch pieces of news headlines strung","offset":9198,"length":164}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/c558b328-6993-3527-a037-efd0d0ad3d89":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"; Deirdre has hair the colour of that tree. She helps people with no money. I don't think we'll both go to parents","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/4e139016-c242-30a2-81cc-cde583128eda","instances":[{"detection":"[last - his face at the gate. And then and then. ]' He said my daddy is an underground m an, .jvhat is your daddyT said I don't have a daddy/ I have a mummy and a donor and a Deirdre. Deirdre has hair the colour of that tree. She helps people with no money. I don't think we'll both go to parents'[ night. I don't want things harder than they are.]","prefix":"last - his face at the gate. And then and then. ","exact":"' He said my daddy is an underground m an, .jvhat is your daddyT said I don't have a daddy/ I have a mummy and a donor and a Deirdre. Deirdre has hair the colour of that tree. She helps people with no money. I don't think we'll both go to parents'","suffix":" night. I don't want things harder than they are.","offset":49810,"length":247}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/8d232096-b0c5-3450-ba78-20c0e0e5e722":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"ContactDetails","phonenumber":"1967-1979","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/ContactDetails","instances":[{"detection":"[22 chapter5:TheTweedHatDream Part Two: ]1967-1979[ 2M CHAPTER6:TheTellingPart 27]","prefix":"22 chapter5:TheTweedHatDream Part Two: ","exact":"1967-1979","suffix":" 2M CHAPTER6:TheTellingPart 27","offset":2784,"length":9}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/ea3cf229-ae1c-3eab-8c08-69a48b6f67b7":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"(0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 28 My teacher's face cracks into a thin smile Her long nails scratch the note well well I see you were fighting yesterday^again, In a few years time you'll be a juvenile delinquent \u2022 Do you know what that is","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/7f2bfef9-5692-3ef2-b907-a93332bc6a8f","instances":[{"detection":"[I'll report you to the headmaster tomorrow. ]But Miss. Save it for Mr Thompson she says (0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 28 My teacher's face cracks into a thin smile Her long nails scratch the note well well I see you were fighting yesterday^again, In a few years time you'll be a juvenile delinquent \u2022 Do you know what that is?[ Look it up in the dictionary. She spells each]","prefix":"I'll report you to the headmaster tomorrow. ","exact":"But Miss. Save it for Mr Thompson she says (0 \n￼Kay 28/7/91 9:30 pm Page 28 My teacher's face cracks into a thin smile Her long nails scratch the note well well I see you were fighting yesterday^again, In a few years time you'll be a juvenile delinquent \u2022 Do you know what that is?","suffix":" Look it up in the dictionary. She spells each","offset":16573,"length":281}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/5bda57c9-24af-37a9-bcaf-a6a9926f3930":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"I've lost my sense of humour I tell him I'm not Glaswegian You all think death is a joke It's not funny","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/4e139016-c242-30a2-81cc-cde583128eda","instances":[{"detection":"[ better than anything He thinks I gave it to him. ]By lunchtime we're fighting over some petty tiling He tells me I've lost my sense of humour I tell him I'm not Glaswegian You all think death is a joke It's not funny.[ I'm dying for fuck's sake I think he gave it to]","prefix":" better than anything He thinks I gave it to him. ","exact":"By lunchtime we're fighting over some petty tiling He tells me I've lost my sense of humour I tell him I'm not Glaswegian You all think death is a joke It's not funny.","suffix":" I'm dying for fuck's sake I think he gave it to","offset":45222,"length":167}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/b536791b-c54e-34e4-8f82-d6f784368d9a":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"PersonCareer","careertype":"professional","status":"past","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/PersonCareer","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a5356286-cd42-3c3d-9452-ea5bc4c2b4ee","position":"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/a9803d66-105b-388a-9bd2-de60db6ad233","instances":[{"detection":"[She likes hockey best She is twenty-six today ]She was a waitress[ My hair is grey She wears no particular dress]","prefix":"She likes hockey best She is twenty-six today ","exact":"She was a waitress","suffix":" My hair is grey She wears no particular dress","offset":23181,"length":18}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/5d335071-602e-3fda-9b33-0c9ca89a305c":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"Venga venga, are you mad","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/72dbb180-b275-37bb-afc3-2fa8b11ef8b1","instances":[{"detection":"[peers down from a farmhouse on a hill. Bambino? ]He shouts Venga venga, are you mad?[ Inside the poverty is one fish multiplied. We]","prefix":"peers down from a farmhouse on a hill. Bambino? ","exact":"He shouts Venga venga, are you mad?","suffix":" Inside the poverty is one fish multiplied. We","offset":36304,"length":35}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/ffa7d4df-c4d3-39b8-a5c7-755d3b01fafb":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"until the story told another story until all the People gathered eating fiction like hot French bread, melted butter","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a032363d-0379-3b1b-9c1a-d60d30cd2591","instances":[{"detection":"[were charged 10 new pence for three minutes. ]Those with sick children and not on BUPA had to make their own tiny umbrellas for the holes in their hearts^ or wait perhaps one year in the same white corridor )- for that rare breed a doctor who was by now almost a dinosaur , ££££ There was no bread so she told a story until the story told another story until all the People gathered eating fiction like hot French bread, melted butter.[ This was the decade when people were given]","prefix":"were charged 10 new pence for three minutes. ","exact":"Those with sick children and not on BUPA had to make their own tiny umbrellas for the holes in their hearts^ or wait perhaps one year in the same white corridor )- for that rare breed a doctor who was by now almost a dinosaur , ££££ There was no bread so she told a story until the story told another story until all the People gathered eating fiction like hot French bread, melted butter.","suffix":" This was the decade when people were given","offset":28529,"length":389}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/4f3c10f3-ca06-3234-8345-3023bae07307":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"I can't bring myself to","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a032363d-0379-3b1b-9c1a-d60d30cd2591","instances":[{"detection":"[her as many times as I've been down this mine. ]I can't bring myself to, she'd tell our girls most probably.[ It doesn't bear thinking. Last night he shaved]","prefix":"her as many times as I've been down this mine. ","exact":"I can't bring myself to, she'd tell our girls most probably.","suffix":" It doesn't bear thinking. Last night he shaved","offset":51559,"length":60}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/42dd3b47-d441-3480-bd82-ba701c64f142":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"I was a luvly baby Ma mammy picked me (I wiz the best) your mammy had to take you (she'd no choice) Ma mammy says she's no really ma mammy (just kid on) It\u2019s a bit like a part you","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/af8c6db6-389e-3260-8475-32787fae3b26","instances":[{"detection":"[papers, It is all so long ago. Does it matter? ]Now I come from her, the mother who stole my milk teeth ate the digestive left for Santa e- -© O 23 \n￼PART TWO: 1967-1971 Chapter 6: The Telling Part Ma mammy bot me oot a shop Ma mammy says I was a luvly baby Ma mammy picked me (I wiz the best) your mammy had to take you (she'd no choice) Ma mammy says she's no really ma mammy (just kid on) It\u2019s a bit like a part you[\u2019ve rehearsed so well you can\u2019t play it on the]","prefix":"papers, It is all so long ago. Does it matter? ","exact":"Now I come from her, the mother who stole my milk teeth ate the digestive left for Santa e- -© O 23 \n￼PART TWO: 1967-1971 Chapter 6: The Telling Part Ma mammy bot me oot a shop Ma mammy says I was a luvly baby Ma mammy picked me (I wiz the best) your mammy had to take you (she'd no choice) Ma mammy says she's no really ma mammy (just kid on) It\u2019s a bit like a part you","suffix":"\u2019ve rehearsed so well you can\u2019t play it on the","offset":12159,"length":370}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/597cf7ff-73e0-3da8-ba8a-2fec65bac483":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"you have an interesting home She sees my eyebrows rise, It\u2019s different she qualifies","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a5356286-cd42-3c3d-9452-ea5bc4c2b4ee","instances":[{"detection":"[Works of Shelley She comes at I 1.30 exactly. ]I pour her coffee from my new Hungarian set And foolishly pray she willnae ask its origins - honestly this baby is going to my head , She crosses her legs on the sofa I fancy I hear the Daily Workers rustle underneath her Well she says, you have an interesting home She sees my eyebrows rise, It\u2019s different she qualifies .[ Hell and I\u2019ve spent all morning trying to look]","prefix":"Works of Shelley She comes at I 1.30 exactly. ","exact":"I pour her coffee from my new Hungarian set And foolishly pray she willnae ask its origins - honestly this baby is going to my head , She crosses her legs on the sofa I fancy I hear the Daily Workers rustle underneath her Well she says, you have an interesting home She sees my eyebrows rise, It\u2019s different she qualifies .","suffix":" Hell and I\u2019ve spent all morning trying to look","offset":8346,"length":323}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/d3b03e12-6ba7-3fbb-bac1-c0aff273faad":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"my real mammy is away far away Mammy why aren\u2019t you and me the same colour But I love my mammy whether she's real or no My heart started rat tat tat like a tin drum all the words took off to another planet Why But I love ma mammy whether she's real or no I could hear the upset in her voice I says I\u2019m not your real mother, though Christ knows why","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a032363d-0379-3b1b-9c1a-d60d30cd2591","instances":[{"detection":"[ ma mammy (just kid on) It\u2019s a bit like a part you]\u2019ve rehearsed so well you can\u2019t play it on the opening night She says my real mammy is away far away Mammy why aren\u2019t you and me the same colour But I love my mammy whether she's real or no My heart started rat tat tat like a tin drum all the words took off to another planet Why But I love ma mammy whether she's real or no I could hear the upset in her voice I says I\u2019m not your real mother, though Christ knows why[ I said that j If I\u2019m not who is, but all my]","prefix":" ma mammy (just kid on) It\u2019s a bit like a part you","exact":"\u2019ve rehearsed so well you can\u2019t play it on the opening night She says my real mammy is away far away Mammy why aren\u2019t you and me the same colour But I love my mammy whether she's real or no My heart started rat tat tat like a tin drum all the words took off to another planet Why But I love ma mammy whether she's real or no I could hear the upset in her voice I says I\u2019m not your real mother, though Christ knows why","suffix":" I said that j If I\u2019m not who is, but all my","offset":12529,"length":417}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/0e7f66bb-5148-3daa-a588-47cc6a1231f0":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"My mum says she is only 26 which seems really old to me but my mum says it is young 29 \n￼e just imagine","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/4b0ceb33-9fcb-3f7f-a260-0adebdda41ed","instances":[{"detection":"[at all except she wouldn't put up with stuff. ]My mum says she is only 26 which seems really old to me but my mum says it is young 29 \n￼e just imagine, she says, being on America's Ten Most Wanted People's List at 26![ I can't. Angela Davis is the only female person]","prefix":"at all except she wouldn't put up with stuff. ","exact":"My mum says she is only 26 which seems really old to me but my mum says it is young 29 \n￼e just imagine, she says, being on America's Ten Most Wanted People's List at 26!","suffix":" I can't. Angela Davis is the only female person","offset":19248,"length":170}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/de27356a-d186-3349-aec5-245048bc4066":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"my daughter says it matters to her I suppose there would have been things I couldn\u2019t understand with any child we knew she was coloured","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/7f2bfef9-5692-3ef2-b907-a93332bc6a8f","instances":[{"detection":"[everyone thinks we're dead old-fashioned. ]26 -0- \n￼^ Chapter 7: Black Bottom Maybe that\u2019s why I don\u2019t like all this talk about her being black I brought her up as my own as I would any other child colour matters to the nutters* but she says my daughter says it matters to her I suppose there would have been things I couldn\u2019t understand with any child we knew she was coloured .[ 'they told us they had no babies at first and I]","prefix":"everyone thinks we're dead old-fashioned. ","exact":"26 -0- \n￼^ Chapter 7: Black Bottom Maybe that\u2019s why I don\u2019t like all this talk about her being black I brought her up as my own as I would any other child colour matters to the nutters* but she says my daughter says it matters to her I suppose there would have been things I couldn\u2019t understand with any child we knew she was coloured .","suffix":" 'they told us they had no babies at first and I","offset":15324,"length":336}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/9cd3e2a2-5bb1-3567-8fda-6e53b41d2edd":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"ContactDetails","phonenumber":"1961-1962","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/ContactDetails","instances":[{"detection":"[eye. \n￼Contents THE ADOPTION PAPERS Part One: ]1961-1962[ Iz CHAPTER i :The Seed 14 chapter 2: The]","prefix":"eye. \n￼Contents THE ADOPTION PAPERS Part One: ","exact":"1961-1962","suffix":" Iz CHAPTER i :The Seed 14 chapter 2: The","offset":2613,"length":9}]}}