{"doc":{"info":{"calaisRequestID":"e9c1c5bc-0a6c-ad4a-146f-23631cbd18b1","id":"http://id.opencalais.com/6TCcBi8odBZdZ9J6Pgahvg","docId":"http://d.opencalais.com/dochash-1/8a5dd610-5847-3398-884a-573b1087d59e","document":" ￼Name 1) Nomad 2) Everything Ends in Ice 3) The Heavy PettingZoo 4) Zaghruda 5) Burn Brighter 6) The Bridesmaid 7) The Butcher's Cat 8) Keyf 9) Attempt at a Beautiful Poem 10) Valentine 11) Dream of Explosions 12) Angel Song 13) Registering her Complaint 14) Breakfast Poem 15) A Friday Night at the End of the Millenium 16) Surrender 17) Light Entertainment 18) Bangkok 19) Losing Control 20) Still Life 21) Delay 22) Butterfly Collector 23) Two Attempts to Join the Light Verse Bandwagon: i) Abracadabra ii) Love Yourself 24) Fresher 25) Poem for my Future Love 26) Hara-kiri 27) The Last Love Poem Saved Under Nomad Ice Pet Yed Burn Bride Butcher Rox Attempt Vale Explosio Angel Reg Break Milleniu Surrender God Bangkok Lost Still Face Butter Abra Love Fresher Future Hari Last \n￼1) Nomad 2) Everything Ends in Ice 3) The Heavy Petting Zoo 4) Zaghruda 5) Burn Brighter 6) The Bridesmaid 7) The Butcher's Cat 8) Keyf 9) Attempt at a Beautiful Poem 10) Valentine 11) Dream of Explosions 12) Angel Song 13) Registering her Complaint 14) Breakfast Poem 15) A Friday Night at the End of the Millennium 16) Surrender 17) Light Entertainment 18) Bangkok 19) Losing Control 20) Still Life 21) Delay 22) Butterfly Collector ^il_-<Affe>atrJudabTa--^ 24) Fresher 25) Poem for my Future Love 26) Hara-kiri 27) The Last Love Poem \n￼Bury me .in desert where sand sweeps A single magnificent gesture; Where there are no trivialities or Tangles, no sticky knots of feeling Or tear-damp patches, human things. It is impossible to harm dunes, Or bruise winds, or burn sun. Desert air is thick with mirage, So the Bedouin breathe dreams and Move, keep moving, not letting home, That heavy hooked numbness, catch them. And the stars? The stars in the desert Are utterly indifferent to me - So much so that I think I may fall In love with stars, those cold-eyed Maps which guide me towards newness. Do not need me, I need you To leave my body untended, My skin naked and unkissed Beneath the dry, valueless gold. Nomad Clare foUcxnl. I \n￼Everything Ends in Ice The day that I met you Was the first day of sun. I was shiny and new. You thawed me in an hour; Made me mute as a flower - All good clean fun. As I bit through peach fur My longing for you grew. Always knew you loved her, Yet got grazed climbing trees As you swarmed me like bees. I sweated you. Starved of sun, nothing grows, And rain was all I got. Watched my dreams decompose, And lit trees doused in fuel. You were Halloween-cruel. You let me rot. Now, I'm cold as a corpse. My heart is blank with frost. Skies are bleak as my thoughts; And this numbness could slice As I swallow the ice And I am lost. CLoje. PoUcvd. 2 \n￼The Heavy-Petting Zoo It's your best friend's 16th birthday party. That's 8 hamster lives, and yet she still wasn't wise enough To realise it would turn into a heavy-petting zoo. Let's put it this way - you wouldn't bring the family, And there's an awful lot of stroking going on. The lounge crawls with muzzy, fuzzy pubic mice. You want to hibernate, but every bedroom is locked. (That soft-haired girl from the Shetlands is offering rides.) You could have been a part of it - For a small price at the door you could havehad them Eating out of your hand by now, Felt that breathy, hot nuzzle-lick, But instead you're floundering in your own sour Vinegar juices, like an ill terrapin. The other girls are beautiful and brittle chicks, Eggs precarious and smashable in the cups of theirbras, And he's with her somewhere. They're probably mewling cutely at each other, Or else she's stripped and pink as a piglet And they're at it like rabbits. It's sickeningly bestial. You hope they get myxomatosis. Yet in your small child's heart you know That if he'd called you, you'd have followed him as she did. As a lamb does, whitely and without question. \n￼Zaghruda I try not to recall the darkest times For fear that hate will rot away my womb Khun mae mon Soeur daughter Yes - we touch long desire feel ache also Yet you branded us whores huren In the brothel the Harem (Skirts up round our thighs) We lay back and thought of Kuche - centre of our world Jollof rice dumplings hamii nam lasagna basturma At the suk we purchased food for you with given coins Sari izar veil tarha They smothered us We saw but were not seen Invisible people devoured by night I heard of one Asian who killed herself When you laughed and laughed at the meadows Of soft dark hair on her limbs We pasted lead on our skin to make us bleich for you You liked us cripples our feet golden lilies No ambitions but for you master Whilst you said come on darling sweetheart kitten Dog querida sweet potato pie In Borneo menstruating women must Sit on the roof for 3 days Defloration may involve a sharp stone Or a fist wrapped in cloth And of course we love the stink of baby crap! We want to pluck our brows until we weep You sucked our milk then spat it inour faces The other week Iran was on the news Men mutilated their own flesh for Islam / At first I cried with joy to see They had caused themselves to suffer also Hallelujah! Fierce sang rouge dripping Yed mae Only then I saw their wounds were as deep as ours Saw the pained desperate smiles as they tried to be strong Three men died that day Oh brother padre We anoint your cuts Forgiveness is easy Take our hand and we'll love you Poor sad Don Juan I know we can survive this together sohn lover with yaah sanehthrough choice between equals Cfare Pollo«l. \n￼Poets construct huge fires So that God may see them from above. The tongue is a flame, And everything fuel for it. They pile on the rotten, dull, broken, And pull off charred skeletons of things Horror burnt off the black bones; Almost bearable. Sometimes love is a casualty, Caught in white heat, left raw, Its dark sticky skin Too painful to be touched - But it is worth it for the blast, The melt, the seconds of brightness. The poet is an alchemist - Even the most sordid and hopeless hurts Can be licked a scalding gold. Can combust into a moment Of blistering beauty - Sustenance for these cold months. Burn Brighter \n￼The Bridesmaid I trail behind the bride, watch the dip of the lace At her waist; a brail I could trace with my thumb. The bouquets, which smell as the skin at the back Of her neck must, are beautifully done. Violets for violence. Her gentlest touch Can bruise me, as I cannot stop my blood From racing to meet her, clamouring to press Against the merest brush of sleeve in a tender flood. Her ivory straps are biting her back and I long To slip fingers between her body and them. I have to clutch hard on the flowers to stop myself reaching And slice up my lovesick hands on rose stems. Roses for the razor she shaved her calves with This morning; as I watched blossoms she dripped in the sink Through steam, as I painted my nails, she talked about love How much she was in it, and him, and what did I think? And the hand which slips a ring on her is not even shaking. It sickens with anger, this body which has obeyed Love now for a year, which knows every colour her hair Can turn in the light, and is achingly always her maid. dcue Policed \n￼Butcher, butcher The Butcher's Cat Hack me some meat. Our poor cat is weak and needs the blood; For you've drained him, drained him, Neutered and tamed him, Fed him with scraps and with saucers of milk. Yes, you stroke him with affectionate fingers; But he saw you SAW that cow In two. He's seen what you do To the other animals, butcher-man. On some hot nights he's watched you tip-toe in Fresh from the slaughter-house - Stinking of iron, An anaemic's wet-dream; With your blood-drenched boots squealing on the tiles. He saw the way you fed that hen with best corn, Gave it a name, and then Wrung it's neck, as though it had Called your Mother a slut. Butcher, butcher I am sick, real sick Of the obscure cuts you bring me - heart, tongue, sweetmeats; And that stripy apron that you wear, And the way you like your steak so rare. I get MAD when I peer through the grime of your windows And see the naked limbs - Like fragments of disembodied porn-stars. And I feel the same fear as our dear pet, For at night in our big white bed, Stuffed to sickness with sausage; I have noticed you feel my breast as though It were a pound of Good turkey. Measuring its leanness. Valuing the meat. One day soon I will pick up my cat and run, From you, butcher-man, and your mince. Your stun-gun. Oh, you say that you would never EAT us - But I have heard that in France They eat Horse. You pimp death. Glare Pollard. \"7 \n￼Beside the menagerie, Amongst roses and jasmine Nude women play tag. Skin is yoghurt, Arms marrows, Breasts eggplants. A pearl, a ruby - These things mean nothing. Are a single Dive through blue Beneath the whetted eye Of a Sultan. It is the scraps that obsess their hearts - A match; A pepper-corn; A slice of pear. These mean a lovethat must be silent. Not his sort of love - A love you share With those sticky sweet things - Lips of the beauty; Ladies' thighs; Woman's navel. The ice in their delicate sherbets Has come seventy miles, , And is mixed withpansies,violets. And is mixed withmusk to Smother the stink of nothing. They no more speak truth Than the guard with his slit tongue. The difference is that their tongues glitter With crushed lapis lazuli; Pulverized pearl. Kismet is cured with a little yellow pill. Opiates gild their fates - It is said those poppies Are white as each face They blanch with almond paste; Corrode with smoothing arsenic. Keyf \"I tumble onto my divan and am soon fast asleep, worn out with the exertion I have not even made.\" Halide Edip. \n￼And in the end, sisters? In the end even love ends With a slice of a scimitar, Or getting stuffed in a sack. Their veils are an act! Pretending they have something to hide When their lives are Gazing through windows Then bathing off sky. There's always hope of course. Did you hear about the eunuch Who found it had grown back? The magic here is black;' They'd train macaws to cackle lies To be mistress of robes, The keeper of the baths. Each coffee could be poison. In cliques, they plot their silent war \n￼Attempt at a Beautiful Poem I wanted this poem to be beautiful for you. Longed madly to say pretty things, But from this cafe window I can only see Neon shop signs that hum like migraines, And people sagged beneath them, hunched from carrying Broken plastic bags full of whisky, beans, Toilet tissue and tinned ravioli. Those chip-trays could be said to dance like butterflies, But the bitter milk oozing from crushed dandelions, However hard I try, can only make me think of pus. Women tread delicately round dog-shit, weeping Black tears for their fetid thighs, And because \"Soldier, Soldier,\" was so moving last night. I could pretend the rain was glistening quick-silver, But it beats rotting chips to a greasy pulp. Pummels the man's pasty flesh to bruises Like those on the peaches that roll off market stalls And decay on the drenched, dark tar-mac; Until it would not surprise anyone to see A maggot squirm out of his shin. I so wanted to give you a poem that was beautiful, But somehow I know that promises of licking you calm As a sleep-deep ocean, and sap-sticky kisses in forests, And fists full of stars Are not going to work this time. C Io jc Pollcwd. 3 \n￼We always come, dumb with longing. We come in our thousands - Dressed in pink for shame; Slow-dancing in same- Sex couples. We are not the broken hearted - That's the worst of it. No excuse but our inadequacy, As we choke on ginseng, honey, The stinking truffles Madame de Pompadour swore by. Paper hearts flap in the draught. Body language, rose quartz, Spells, charms, laughing At every fucking thing that he says All false hope, Like the card your Mother posts you I cannot bear this stench Of tuberose, Pheromones, Fingers. To want something Is to know I cannot have it. February leaks its gluey juices; Bleeds over everything. Valentine \n￼Dream of Explosions This is not feverish flamenco fire Devouring my home like a loaf - This is a margarine candle flame. Enough light to read by. This is not a black hole. Nothingness So intense it thirsts for me - This is a vacuum flask Full of tea for two. This is not drowning. Becoming a terrible bird As the ocean vomits into me - This is a soothing lukewarm bath To cure my aching joints. This is not an earthquake. The world's old wounds Torn open again, like a bad case of scurvy - This is the peel torn from a tangerine. A good dose of vitamin C. I am the cat that got the milk. Woman who awoke in a warm bed On a black-ice morning, and never got up again. My life is nice. I raise a mild smile. Yes, I dream of explosions That shake my bones loose, But what if this is the most violent? What if this is it, my childhood dream? I cannot let it go for a whiff of gunpowder. If I stand in a lonely, open field Trying to catch lightning bolts, Perhaps I'll only catch my death of cold. Oh, but if I caught that bolt r And sparked the world bulb bright! Should I settle for this current That keeps my TV running, but little more? CXo-re foLUxrd II \n￼Angel Song This fir-tree point could impale. I balance on it, praying for still skies. Fingertip bulbs in cracked coloured cases Fuse, and threaten to burn my skirts. Shiny, red apples decompose on nooses. Pine cones are sprayed with crunched-mirror glitter. Sometimes it is thrilling. This sparkle, this lack of roots. Only the others hate me. Cry out That I am no better than them, It's just my wings are sprayed old gold And a halo on a pin skewered through my scalp. But I earned that jet of golden paint! I suffered as the pin pierced my soft plastic head, And unlike them, I cannot make mistakes. An imperfection and I will be torn from this tree. I cannot be bitter like a gift of myrrh, Or they'll say: \"Who does she think she is? Tied to the spike as if it is a crucifixion.\" I am a seasonal decoration, Pretty - but I will not bring salvation. Tinsel is not real silver, you know, Just foil that moults off strips; And nobody can join me up here. What am I but a detail in this small beige room? An afterthought in an outfit made of Someone's old wedding dress. These needles Bring not sleep, just little hurts. 0, to have a Bethlehem to go to. To be deep filled, like a mince pie. Father Christmas, give me wings that work. I am so tired of trying to rival snowflakes. \n￼Registering her Complaint A dream holiday, the brochure said, But in her dreams the toilet flushes. She's irritable as a Queen Whose gown is made of mosquitoes. An unripe gecko scurries from her wrath. The brochure, she is almost sure, did not Inform her it was monsoon season, The dark trees strung up with liquid fairy-lights, And though it did not say what sort of breakfast was included, What sort of breakfast is dribbling chunks of violet melon, Mango, papaya, fresh lychees like turtle eggs? English people expect an English breakfast - Fat streaked bacon. Scraping filled sausages. Tea. Today she was hoping to lie on the beach, Aphrodite in nylon knickers, her sweating breasts Strawberry mousses, offending the natives. Instead they are registering her complaint. Butterflies huge as bats flap clumsily Past the foyer, as the ceiling fan lazily Thumps the still air. There was a snake In that bottle of wine, she tells Them, And in another a rat-foetus - she had nightmares. The receptionist thinks of his two mud rooms, The way his daughter begged a biro Off a stranger, and sleeps clutching it. Arranges for this woman to transfer out of Paradise. The heat sucks on her like a cigarette. Her dull eyes dismissing the orchids that are exploding Like invulnerable fireworks in the damp air, She informs a fellow white there is pressure - A storm tonight. This at least is something. \n￼Breakfast Poem I am egg-shell fragile and grapefruit sour. My face blotchy; eyes raisins soaked in booze. I stench of night-sweat, am too tired to shower, To scrub off each ingrained mascara bruise. Memories slice up my still-sleeping head, The morning paper does not bring good news . I'm strawberry-jam sickly; I'm bacon dead. It's always morning when the ghosts appear - They haunt my toaster and they burn my bread, They say I stink as stale as last night's beer. They laugh with glee to .know I burned inside, Once aware that your skin was tasting-near. I had no resistance; I had no pride. Confessed my love, then watched you turn to run. Now my egg tastes salt from tears I've cried, My soldiers are charred black. No war is won. I try to weigh my loss against my gain: I have lost uncertainty, face and sun- Rise. I've gained a hangover; a dull pain. We're out of milk. My party dress is stained. / \n￼A Friday Night at the End of a Millennium On the first of January In the year 2000 I will be twenty one. Yes, I am a woman Of the next millennium; Star on the clean black. Our hope for the future. But I don't give a fuck As I check my pocket: Purse, lipstick, rape alarm; And I'm out for the night in a town Where only rain glitters. Air slits up my wrists As I head for the pub. Tottering on thin heels, A cripple. We get a seat by the TV screen. Neck squirming-sour vodka and tonics; Pose with Budweiser bottles. Soon we are watching Casualty with no sound on. I get cheese and onion crisps. We gossip to convince our veins They are not stagnant with boredom. The room looks like our lounge; Oak beams and a mock-Turkish carpet. It is full of men who look as though they'd Play dominoes given half a chance. One winks at me - And I sneer the sneer of the young and slim. He could cut his fist on me. The week's blunt misery Dissolves with the salt off the peanuts. My mate's called Kerry And she's game for anything. Slept with three Ouzo-slick Greeks On holiday this Summer - Sticky one night stands, And she's not ashamed. No, she's proud as can be, Flashing blurred pictures of Her topless. Him fumbling In his pocket for a spare condom. At ten we head for the club. It's symbolically underground. \n￼I order a pint for a pound, Sit on a cracked back chair and Begin to get intoxicated. My ex is here Selling cannabis to pre-pubescent Girls with ultra-bras, Pierced noses, plum hair And nicotine gilded fingers. He is beautiful, An angel in some lights. He laughs at everyone, And is too clever for this world; Fingers greasy with lightly salted puppy fat. He sweats; snorts vodka \u2022 Until his nose bleeds prettily. Laughs some more, then Makes a pass at me on the stairs. Shit, he is beautiful, But he only wants me To prove he gets what he wants - So I push him away. The only boy I ever liked to kiss. It makes me sad but proud. I have won. I will learn to live without His static lips, The warm dark sparks That danced softly off his Fingers down my spine. Dizzy with the punch of winning, I dance. Jump up and down Like I'm tied to this rotten ceiling with elastic. I swing my hips, And lick my lips - They are dry with cider, Flavoured salt and Hard-jawed smiles. I enjoy dancing. There is a kind of freedom in it, Energy pounding out of my Hunched-up joints. From the floor I watch A boy who told me he thinks I am very attractive - But he's sleeping with her now. The big commitment - Get them in bed And they're caged. Hooked. \n￼Can't wriggle free. His hair is chilli-red, His eyes fish scales, His smile a small boy's. I used to get giddy when I saw him - Now I just feel weighted. Tired. My bones will shatter Like peanut brittle or barley sugar Or some other crap sweet. Another pint, and they charge Me two pounds this time - They must have seen me staggering, But I'm too drunk to care. Alcohol goes straight through me. The girls' loos are full Of lads smoking joints, So I have to piss quietly, Hovering over the bowl As though I'm a hummingbird In order to avoid diseases. Stale urine. Someone's bloody tampon goads me redly I read the sign on the toilet door, Itsays: \"Avoidunwanted Pregnancy - use a telephone.\" Oh, that used to make us laugh When this bitter-dark club seemed new; When this tongue-moist air Didn't catch in my throat Likeawishbone. Ialwayswish For something utterly impossible: Lager that hasn't been watered down, A star, him. The poor wish fairies - I am expecting miracles! It isn't fair on them. This bad luck is my own responsibility It is my own fault, I take all the blame. I vow to aim lower and stop thinking I'm the fucking second coming, Then pull up my silk copping knickers. Stumble out, eyes greyed By a gauze of yeast. Mirror, mirror on the wall, Says I'm the biggest dog of all. \n￼My flaws glow vivid. Nuclear white light strips my skin off And leaves the true-me clean. A regular ugly sister. Leaves me like a plucked turkey; Face withered and swollen with heat, Lips just a parched outline. My arms are gorilla hairy in the brightness. My lip is bald, because I scorched off the hair Before I came out, With a cream that claimed to be rose But stank of shit. My armpits are stubbly jutting caves. I put deodorant on after shaving And they stung as though wasps Had built nests in the coves Of dark, moist calcium. I have a good itch of my bikini line, Readjust my hair - it's sucked sweet sticky. One lad is trying on his girlfriend's eyeshadow. Having a good laugh. It makes me sick-green To see them crackling with happiness; To see their reflections - Quivering jelly-fish with hysterics. He suits it - it is glossy purple, A pair of artfully blackened eyes. I watch my nails as I wash my hands. See I've chipped the \"Madly Midnight\" polish, And it sounded so exciting too! I try to say \"Hi\" to someone on the stairs, / Only to find my pickled tongue snow-numb. I cannot speak, mind bleak As a figureless, hospital-white Winter horizon. Sitting by the slot machine That says \"Win! Win! Win!\" In the hope its optimism Might rub off, I listen to: \"I'm Only happy When it Rains.\" Lose me in empty Diamond White bottles. Watch others dance, Limbs flying as though They are epileptic. All want to pull But many are too scared. \n￼(What if something falls off?) Stickily laughing, I worry about smeared makeup, taxi-fares, My omnipresent virginity - the usual. Then the inevitable accident - Sweet, sweet cider down My new blue dress. I drip like an icicle - Force a smile when a man In skin-tight army pants Offers to lick it all off Of me for free. Looking down, I notice . My thighs are exposed. Our skirts get shorter every week. My knickers playing hide and seek! A boy approaches, he is unremarkable, But at least I feel no nausea. I may go with him to enhance My pitiful total of boys kissed so far. Only I've done that before - And it leaves me soiled. The sickening unfamiliarity Of strange tongues; Moist muscle choking you. A heaving of flesh With a bruised bud texture That tastes of vinegar Or, worse, tea time hot pot. Dead meat or apples That have browned for months. And it either chokes you - Suffocates as though you've swallowed an Asda bag; Or they're gentle and sloppy - Slobbering dog-like Over your chin, your neck, Your upper lip. Giving you a wet moustache. Snail slime slippery And filling your throat With its unknown glue-juice Until you want to hide Slug pellets behind your lower teeth. If you're lucky they'll just Move their tongue in circles - As though they are drawing \n￼Balloons or coins with it. The monotony dulls your senses And loosens your jaw. You want to eat him - Not through lust but For the thrill of his head in your gullet. Blood spurting brightly from his warm neck vein, And you'd swallow it like medicine. At least then it would be over. Their stubble grazes your chin, Until it feels as your knees did When you fell on stony ground as a child. And if you open your eyes - ugh! Lids curtain-closed with bliss As though they're on a train to Paradise, When you're feeling queasy And are itching to get free. Their indignity is distasteful, Their knowledge of your precious mouth. You want to slap them. Burn all official records of their being. Their pleasure and shut-eyed fun is a sick joke - They think you like them! It is at times like that I realise what an ugly word 'snogging' is. Sometimes, I find myself Looking around - that\u2019s the killer. Suddenly, you care what everyone thinks; Blush rare-beef pink. Roast hotly with the realisation He is not cool, or handsome, And his character is dubious - This boy who has his Salivary glands pumping for you. Who you are sharing spit with. And you cringe, wince, Try to arrange your hair differently So nobody will recognise you. You and this grotesque, Macabre, bladdered freak. The one with his hands On your thighs, your back, The nape of your neck. He even tries to cop a good Feel up your top - The nerve of him to think \n￼You are in his league. On his level. Not too special to touch. Anyway, I decide not to go withhim. Laugh for a while as a blonde,gay Goliath Licks a hard stripe down My homophobic male mate's cheek. My ex reappears, Now vitriolic and revenge-bent; Picks on my sparkly shoes, And the way I've mislaid- my purse. Flirts violently with Other lager blondes Before my same stale face, Trying to make me cry boozily, How little he knows meI I never break, But am strong as cartilage. Look, my legs flex as though made of it. Lights flutter like dying butterflies In the hot whisky crush. I am no one, smudged. A happy blur. \"Are you okay?\" Some one asks, And I nod cow-like. Look at my watch But see no time, no movement. Kerry's in the corner Fumbling jumpily with a lad, Legs clenched tightly round him. People stare a bit, giggling, Then give her a round of applause When she comes up for air. She reddens, but not much, For she loves attention. Adores a starring role. Oh, she is a wild-child! I look shocked, for It pays to humour her. See, even drunk I am condescending! People stomp on my feet. Rip my tights with careless, Skeletal fingers. They are trying to destroy me! I thumb the hole Until it gapes. A moon made of \n￼Lightly downed thigh flesh. The gold of the hairs shimmers. Magic dust. Then they Stand erect like little warriors, And I feel like a hermaphrodite, And cover it guiltily As though it is a ripped hymen. It is cold in here. So cold I would gasp, Had I the will power Or the energy. A consuming coldness. I am a dead foetus Dunked in a lab-jar of ice water. Exposed and raw, And I can't feel my pulse, Just the throbbing Of a headache coming on. Oh, it hurts - And they've started playing That terrible Prodigy song, You know, the one that goes: \"I've got the remedy,\" but Only makes me long for paracetamol. My stomach churns - That last pint tipped me over. My mouth is dry As a burnt moth. I perch on the radiator. Watch my hand clenching And opening in the darkness: A sea anenome. Watch all the people. The ones who will Dance into the glorious Sunrise with me. The ones who will kick-start A new, shining era. The leaders of men Who will gush like fresh blood Into the next century. Sacrificial lambs. The whitest of white; The brightest flames. They are joking about blow jobs. They are inventing nasty Names for one another - \n￼Like \"Trout eyes.\" They are spilling Newcastle Brown Down their Adidas three stripe tops And beckoning people Who scare them in broad daylight. Adjusting spiked hair And gold hooped eyebrows In the mirrors of dull Alcoholic lemonade bottles. Andkissing. Fingeringeachothers1 Writhing maggot bodies As though they are cut-glass Or braille or made of flowers. They are glugging down doubles With competitive grins. Shimmying round the shattered shards Of smashed pint mugs That blossom. An ice web. They are vomiting a cocktail Of bitter and bile On the threadbare stairs. So many people and they all Only want to be loved. Funny isn't it? How all could love fiercely If they only got the chance, Buttheywon't. It'ssad. Like spilt lager. Like the taxi ride home. \n￼Surrender Sometimes you are so raw - Salted eyes crackling; heart bruised to a huge Rotten plum; your back flayed as a galley-slave's - That you have to stop the slow dance and sit down. Sometimes you have to accept That you've been months now underwater, And no one is going to press their mouth Against your mouth, and halt the airless Agony of your collapsed lungs. You say you must try, or can't wake and feel alive, But there are other, quieter ways of living - Some Buddhist monks can .so slow Down their hearts that they almost seem dead. They claim to be content. Sometimes you have to wave something White; resisting the temptation to use A bra, or other underclothes, or A freshly laundered strait-jacket, And instead choosing something quite serious: A square with no yielding curves, cloth Cut from the blanket you bought for the bridal bed. And that delicious moment when your mind, Muddled from sleeplessness, drink or swelling Caused by beating your desperate head against walls, Desks, the bathroom tiles, thinks for a second, Perhaps maybe they might be possibly yours - There comes a time when the scars That cover your body in a web of startling pain Distract you too much for even this to be a pleasure. There is no redemption, or balm, or daylight. Sometimes you must just be grateful for a resolution. Do not look on it as giving up, for there 'is nothing To give up. Sometimes the story does end with two people In separate rooms, and one not even realising this matters. \n￼Light Entertainment Commissioning a sit-com an awful lot of work, So God created me instead - What a sadistic jerk! Right now he's sat in Heaven 'vn On a fluffy white bean-bag, With cans of beer and kettle-chips, And probably a fag, Tears rolling down his long beard As his belly shakes with mirth. Laughing his huge heart out At the joke I've been from birth. A classic episode last night - I was having a wee, When my Dad's friend walked in the room. There goes my dignity! I spilt my drink, I burnt the eggs, I found I'd a verruca. Forgot to set the video For 'Friends,' and lost at snooker. And the delicious irony When I got shot by cupid! I thought perhaps my luck had changed - How comically stupid. That stale old joke: I fail with bloke! This show has lost its spark. These same sick gags are wearing thin. God's humour's just too dark. t n \n￼Thousands of monks Like burning clementines Heads smooth and shiny As mud puddles. Thousands of male tarts, Slender and painted - With eyelashes to Make me envious. Thousands of people on Bicycles. Tricycles. Mopeds and tuk-tuks. Cars and taxis. Riding on elephants. Travelling by foot. Bangkok Pouring out of incense-heavy buildings Like a fleshy discharge. Clotting up the crossroads and the Junctions like scabs. Even on the murky mushroom river With its glorious stink, They pile onto the ferry boats Until they look like they will sink. Heaving. Breathing. Yards of skin that smells of lemongrass. Once, led past the small, hot stalls - Full of steaming satay and coconut milk - I was taken to a temple made of Marble, gold and jade; Within which, in sticky coolness, They laid deep pink lotus flowers, , Uniform as folded linen napkins At the altar as gifts. Smiling, our guide said: \"Thereare no individuals in this world. We are all part of the same great spirit. When you can accept this and become part of everything - Then you will reach Nirvana.\" But I screamed: \"No! I am an individual. No one else thinks these thoughts I have. No body looks just like I look. Separate and removed - I am no part of you! I am special. I am different. I am me! Me! Me!\" Apparently, I fainted then. They brought me round with tiger-balm /8 \n￼And curries so hot I wept, But their kindness no longer seemed so selfless. Drug-happy on the morphine Of Buddha's fat smile, They did not understand when I begged for solitude. When I told them I would rather be The only orchid in this city, Than a wet, pink cell Inside the cheek of a goddess. / \n￼The bank is all sluggish veined marble, Silence and grandeur, a horrible church. \"Are you saying your cash-card is stolen?\" Eyes grey as incinerated five-pound notes Gaze on me in disappointment. \"No, lost,\" I confess, a sinner, through the glass. It seems I lose everything these days - Keys, dignity, pool games, nerve, The ring my Grandmother left me. The staff are bowed and hushed before Computer screens as thou-gh in prayer. I am passive as a two pence piece, passed Around, dull from fingers. I have lost Control. Hunched over the toilet As though sheltering from a holocaust, I dribbled sick, that sweet yolk, Down my chin and blouse last night. \"Name?\" My dry lips clamp on absence. Footsteps are gunshots through pillows. I am suddenly six again, bawling Redly, alone in the supermarket. And the people who are queuing to receive Coins like Communion wafers, stare greedily \"Name?\" Through hallowed quiet her voice Echoes like the tannoy did that day: \"We have a small, frightened blonde girl Here, can someone please come to claim her. Losing Control \n￼Still Life I have taken up painting since I fell in love with you, As my hands are quite desperate for something to do. Still lifes mainly, as it makes me impossibly grateful To gaze on something beautiful until my eyes are full - You always run from me whilst I'm still hungry to stare. It's a common misconception that there\u2019s just fruit there; No, my canvases are laden with longing and lust. Desire aches a gloss of sweat into the oil-paint crust. At first, plums were nipples full of gold milk; ripe and ready, My apples were firm and smooth, that heady Fertiliser taste clutching their skin, sour and strong - As chemical as my make-up would taste to your tongue. Oranges promised a sharp, delicious bite And then juice gushing out like a cry in the night. When you started dating her I drew spat-out pips, The poisonous berries that grew around her hips. I daubed maggots in the core of each pink cherry, They squirmed out from the heart of every strawberry. In art class I was told I'd lost all sense of perspective; My slit-split skinned pears were no longer objective. I stopped sleeping, began to sit up all night and paint My fetid black bananas, melons swollen and faint, And those peeled grapes, silver as your blind eyes. Are you allergic? Am I crawling with fruit fly? Without even tasting me, how is it fair to refuse? Did nobody tell you that once you've inflicted a bruise, All the flesh around the hurt goes rotten brown? Cloie Policed. \n￼Business men are eating pre-packed sandwiches; They smile, as though aware I can't really afford the fare to London. My face is licked on the pane with a milky tongue. The anaemic countenance Haunts rivers, office-blocks, mills - Ghost of those who drowned internally, Damning up dreams until canals Of stagnant water carried their corpses Out of those industrial towns. On one eye is a statue of Mary and child; On one eye is a supermarket; Her tongue is weighted with A cathedral, A town hall; Her mouth is the scar of a derelict road Glittering with wasted streetlights. They never apologised for the delay; Although inside she screamed like the Brakes when they said: \"You must disembark, miss, the line goes no further,\" My reflection moistens her lips, my lips, Ready to bite down on some city, to tear it With our teeth, and swallow it entirely. Delay \n￼Butterfly Collector The lake skin was the skin Of a corpse, grazed by the wind, And the rank grasses caressed his shins, Juices bleeding and soaking. He observed butterflies, Those gaudy icari, Dumbly fluttering. Vowed to protect them from the drip-drip, The terrible dark plunge. The first that he caught was a Painted Lady, Her tawny orange silks convulsing beneath His thick-fingered hand, spasms melting to calm. Later, he learnt to make a net from nylon Curtain fabric, a hoop from clothes line. Used ammonia to poison Softly as backhanded compliments. Recently he has been murdering the rainbow - He has a Red Admiral, An Orange Tip, A Green Hairstreak. Desperately, he aches for the Pale Clouded Yellow Dreams every night of its buttery wings Beating against his face like eyelashes. It isstillthepaintedladyheadoresthough. He didn't mean to break her antennaethat time. Stuck them back on with a tear-drop Of seccotine applied tothe head. You wouldn't know there'd been any damage. / Even at work, he finds himself imagining They are in some garden together. He is an Adonis Blue. The flutter of her wings Mirrors his heart. Somedays he plucks out the setting needle, Gestures for her to fly, free, luxuriating In his own benevolence. She does not move. The caterpillars writhe amongst thistles, nettles Their flesh breeding dark hairs like pubis. Each time the needle plunges back in deeper. \n￼2 Love Yourself The virtue of humility is hopelessly outdated - Darling, don't you know? These days it's self-esteem that's rated! All the magazines inform us: if you do not love yourself Then what can you expect but to be left upon the shelf? Life's a self-fulfilling prophecy, and you make your own luck, So must be gutsy, cock-sure, don't-give-a-fuck. 'Virgin' Mary's humble sentiments were probably heart-felt - But today that meek and mild act would earn psychiatric help. (All that turn the other cheek is for the weak, it's dead and gone, Let's grow up, and not pretend we don't look out for number one.) When this century has ended, then its epitaph will be: \"I was selfish, I was heartless, but at least I was me!\" Clare Polloud. \n￼Fresher It was to be a whole new chapter In the grim little pamphlet of his life, David became Dave, owner of Diesel jeans and obedient hair. His record collection was pared down brutally. He had anticipated girls with nipples Big as the bottoms of beer-bottles, Their smiles white as vacant signs on toilet cubicles, There would be drunken sex on someone else's beanbags, Sneaking from curry-houses stinking of unpaid-for Vindaloo, Blowing each day's budget on lager and a twenty deck. He'd make mates who could supply him with quality gear, Scrape illicit powders to lines with his student union card. Yet here he is, in his bedroom at half past one, Soberly wanking to distant techno beats, A stale taste in his mouth. His head swims With the short girl from geography who blanks him. And lying by the papery wall that his groans Of reciprocated pleasure were to cause disturbance through, He can hear someone pissing. Nothing is new, It is all just the same but more impersonal. \n￼Poem for mv Future Love I do not want a settle for second best love. A mundane grow-to-love-him Cosy little rut love. A pizza and a video Holding hands and making plans romance. I do notwant to be able to look at him without crying. I do notwant to be able to eat in his presence. I do notwant to be fond of his little ways Or to have fun ever when he is not there. I do not want our meeting to be a cute Anecdote to tell our children, Or to buy him aftershave for Christmas And receive French knickers in return. To go to the cinema with him and kiss Mildly on the second to back row. I do not want to fall in love by halves. A dilute milk-tray And two dozen red roses love. A maybe-this-is-it Slow dancing and fancying romance. Iwant tofall inlove sohard itbruises. Iwant tofall inlove sohard itscars. Iwant tofall inlove sohard itfractures, And cuts my knees and slices up my arms. I want to fall in love so badly I cough up blood. So madly I would confess to murder. So terribly I would gouge out my eyes. So painfully I would gas myself. So utterly I would eat mud and bone. So crazily I would leap off Ten storey buildings in the night. I want a love that chokes me. Blinds me. Stabs me. Shoots me. Rips and burns me. Tears and wounds me. Heals me like new skin. t It will be a passionate stupid vengeful Breathless arrogant tender devouring Painful fiery dirty gentle fumbling Vicious beautiful glittering fatal Pure love. It will be a complete and utter whole and total Everything and all love. A love that is blind to colour. A love thatis deaf to warnings. A love that does not feel the cold. A love that does not taste the blood. Not the kind of love You learn to take for granted, But the kind of love that makes you live in fear, And feel like you're only living when he's near. A love that will make breathing seem trivial. That will make time stop dead And the sun burn out. ^5 \n￼When he touches me my skin will sing. I will become electrically charged. I will tremble and ache when he speaks. I will smile stupidly at his name. I will start crying for no reason. I will love the smell of his limbs And the taste of his tears And the sweep of the curve of his back And the rhythm of his heart And the patterns of the pale blue veins on his wrists. I will onlybe able to sleep when he is holding me. I will talkto him even when he is not there. I will kisshim so hard my mouth will bleed. I will holdhim so hard even surgeons will Not be able to separate us, And for so long we will turn to Ash and crumble. I will love him so much it will be illegal. Dangerous. I might explode. I do not want a settle for second best love. A mundane grow-to-love-him Cosy little rut love. A pizza and a video Holding hands and making plans romance. I am waiting for the love that will renew me And send electric currents screaming through me. When I fall in love there will be Thunder. Lightning. Fireworks. I am waiting for the love that I deserve. CLcne Policed. \n￼Hara-Kiri It is as small, complex and compact As a microchip. (God must be Japanese.) They will hook it out limb by limb. Tough veined trout pink flesh As raw as sushi. Nothing will remain of it but Bloodspots on her bright white sheets Like stubborn flags. If she let this grow it would Cripple both of them. Hearts mutated by the fall-out. It would want to die for her. Kamikaze pilot. A noble death. It's karaoke! Everybody in the ward sing: \"Baby, where did our love go?\" Career prospects and finances and practicality Are squatting like sumos on her mind, And this rising sun holds no promise, For she will attack at herself at dawn And there will be No surrender. She will slit herself open. Watch it and her intestines slip out In the light of a Samurai sword. \n￼The Last Love Poem This is the last love poem, there will be no more, I charge you, O daughters of Jerusalem, if ye find my beloved, that ye tell him, that I am sick of love. For two years, a doll of you rattled round my scratched, spluttering heart chambers, Last night I tore it out, wiped off the gunk, the bloody slobbers, found the petty limbs shoddily made. Did I say your eyes were kind skies? They were painted sticky chlorine. Did I call your mouth perfection? It was just a splintered jut, moles nestling below it like rooks, I take everything back, ii Love n, warm affection; sexual passion; wholehearted liking for something; beloved person. It was 2 am on their first date, He took her to the derelict hospital, its gutted wing was rain drenched; incurable, And she always knew he would never be her suitor, her cavaliere, wooer, amoroso, his tongue ugly malt-sticky with Marlborough Lights, that thick Bolton accent pronouncing affair de coeur, grande passion, made her laugh, But oh, the way he jerked from her touch, as though she'd tried to slip ice-cubes down his shirt, hurt like she was chewed up, bitten, smitten, spoony, her gut spooned out, iii The more you arch, the more access he has to your breasts and clitoris, and by being on top you have total control over how fast and how hard you want to go. If ever any beauty I did see, Which I desir'd, and got, t'was but a dreame of thee, The club flickers with the peach light of skin feigning arousal, the screens show thighs, ill- fitting uniforms, cheap off-white lace, bodies writhing in slicks of oil, like dying birds, She drinks the cocktails. Long slow screw. Multiple orgasm. Slippery nipple, The creamy green Shag. They are embarrassing to ask for, but she does, though her shy tongue n \n￼would not dare articulate her real thirst, There is a scar on Beth's forehead, a small indentation made scratching at chicken-pox, I want to give her everything, Pamela Anderson fucks on a motorbike, iv Here love his golden shafts employs, here lights His constant lamp and waves his purple wings, Did I say how nice your mouth was? Did I say? There's something wrong, isn't there? Tell me what's wrong, These, lulled by nightingales, embracing slept, And on their naked limbs the flowery roof showered roses. There's something wrong. I'm paranoid, forgive me, Do you still love her? Tell me, There's something wrong, Know to know no more. v Love was invented by the church to encourage monogamy and reduce illegitimate births. Love was invented by the capitalists to ensure a system of patrilineal inheritance. Are you listening? It is a fake, whatever the hell you think you're feeling, It is socialisation, and wonder-bra adverts, and biological practicality, and the ruling elite. In most countries romance doesn't even exist. It's a big western lie. IT IS IN YOUR FUCKING HEAD. Some people say they are in love every week, some never say it, some say it once (but afterwards, finding red-eyed photographs or weeping over sliced onions, feel nothing but impotence), some feminists feel in love is impossible in our oppressive society, some girls buy magazines for the front-page promises: how to catch your man, twenty ways to make him love you, some people will not change for love, some cannot, some look in the mirror and do not recognize their own breasts, or necks, kissed to cream and purring, Baby's good to me, you know, she's happy as can be, you know, she said so. Ironic, how the moon looks like a contraceptive pill. How love drenches the loved, whilst the loveless suck at the stems of roses, hoping for moisture, slicing up their mouths on the barbed wire stems, Am I bent? Yes. Will I ever be happy? \n￼vi Certain words belong in love poems: milk, sweat, swallow, cinnamon, jasmine, hummingbird, indigo, nectarine, salt, humid, cut, They mean nothing, but he likes to watch her mouth shape the sounds: scar, molasses, beloved person. vii ..And to win tonight's big prize of eternal misery, you simply have to complete the sentence: Love is.. a) When you cannot see any flaws, or b) When you see all the flaws, and love each utterly. Answer it incorrectly, and you're suffering for NOTHING, you stupid bitch! Lucy loves Chris loves Sarah loves Karen loves John loves Anna. This worm eats heart-flesh, tongue-flesh, thigh-flesh. It is in the drinking water, the bedclothes, the loo-roll. WAKE UP! IT WILL EAT YOU ALIVE! RUN! HIDE! Anna loves Steve loves Kate loves Matt loves Tom loves Louise. This worm eats eye-jelly, ear-drums, crotch-meat. It is in your Beatles albums, your TV, your stockings. DON'TLOOK! ITWILLLEAVEYOUFORBLIND! RUN! HIDE! Lovelorn adj. forsaken by or pining for a lover. Comfort me with apples: for I am sick of love. viii In 1995, approximately 40 percent of marriages were found to end in divorce. Her love altered where it alteration found, so was not love, merely infatuation, a crush. But oh my God she was crushed utterly, and who can claim to know how love is measured? She cried into the bathroom carpet all Christmas day for that man, and did not count the tears, but the wool was sodden, Her face took the texture of the weave. (Oh, but he will suffer, she tells herself. One day he will wake to find that loss has kidnapped him, and he is gagged and bound in a dark, rat-ridden cellar. One day he will realise the scale of her worth \n￼and, awestruck, hack off those fingers which allowed her to slip through.) To know know know him is to love love love him and I do. ix By night on my bed I sought him whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found him not. In your room, with its stained duvet, your Che Guevara poster, the guitar which clings jealously to your fingerprints, do you dream about me ever, do you wake up touching yourself, the breeze flickering against your skin like my eyelashes, seeing ghosts of my hair, my hip bones bruising your eyelids? Last night, every night, I dream of you, I dreamt I saw you across the still lake, and screamed at you for giving me this burden, this melancholy, this rotting smell, You looked up, your face a torn petal against the ache of the dark forest, and we two stood staring at each-other, my arms laden with feathers, flesh, and the stones which weighted me, a paper doll, to your awful silence. x Ev'ry time we say goodbye, I cry a little. How the world was made, the afterlife, infinity, the soul, all the great questions mean nothing, nothing at all, when she is close and can almost lick the raw, bitten down skin where he tore the fingernail off with his teeth. Whitethroat, skylark, goldfinch, they dip and soar, quite loveless, yet still alive. How can they not sink beneath the weight of no breath on skin, no tongue, no I love you, ever? xi Did my heart love till now? Forswear it sight! So that is it? Just friends? I cannot bear it. For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night. Can't you see what you are doing? You will destroy me. Thus from my lips by thine my sin is purged. Talk to me. Say something, You will destroy me. Give me my sin again. \n￼Shantihf shantih, Oh, but his mouth is the most beautiful thing, xii This was to be the last love poem, but I love him, and if I say it enough he might love I will write other love poems - It is fucking degrading. Stars I have named after him grind into my skin like crushed glass. ","docTitle":"","docDate":"2014-07-01 08:56:38.315"},"meta":{"contentType":"text/raw","emVer":"7.1.1103.5","langIdVer":"DefaultLangId","processingVer":"CalaisJob01","submissionDate":"2014-07-01 08:56:16.459","submitterCode":"57b17a53-6e34-87b0-20ff-a419896f49c9","signature":"digestalg-1|fwttEynClSoObJCPM4+s6zpc73E=|lZRCjnPxWmpDAnzdqiJ+Fmh+aYSNHVL9H9V1WqzGpsYdySObsCpgVQ==","language":"English"}},"http://d.opencalais.com/dochash-1/8a5dd610-5847-3398-884a-573b1087d59e/Message/1":{"_typeGroup":"messages","messagetype":"warning","messagecode":201,"text":"Document-level timeout reached in module mediaextensions_for_unifiedim, concept PersonOrPersonDetailsOr1stPronoun"},"http://d.opencalais.com/dochash-1/8a5dd610-5847-3398-884a-573b1087d59e/lid/DefaultLangId":{"_typeGroup":"language","language":"http://d.opencalais.com/lid/DefaultLangId/English"},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/9690064a-7e8a-37a3-be5e-e7fce6f33d7a":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"City","name":"Bury","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/City","instances":[{"detection":"[Love 26) Hara-kiri 27) The Last Love Poem \n￼]Bury[ me .in desert where sand sweeps A single]","prefix":"Love 26) Hara-kiri 27) The Last Love Poem \n￼","exact":"Bury","suffix":" me .in desert where sand sweeps A single","offset":1323,"length":4}],"relevance":0.305},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/a22f267a-54f4-3fe5-bb29-1cdd5f5a03d6":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Currency","name":"pence","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Currency","instances":[{"detection":"[screens as thou-gh in prayer. I am passive as a ]two pence[ piece, passed Around, dull from fingers. I have]","prefix":"screens as thou-gh in prayer. I am passive as a ","exact":"two pence","suffix":" piece, passed Around, dull from fingers. I have","offset":32218,"length":9}],"relevance":0.1},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/87db9319-4810-366e-bb0e-53aac253e597":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Clare Polloud","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Clare Polloud","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[I was heartless, but at least I was me!\" ]Clare Polloud[. \n￼Fresher It was to be a whole new chapter In]","prefix":"I was heartless, but at least I was me!\" ","exact":"Clare Polloud","suffix":". \n￼Fresher It was to be a whole new chapter In","offset":37280,"length":13},{"detection":"[Nothing will remain of it but Bloodspots on ]her[ bright white sheets Like stubborn flags. If she]","prefix":"Nothing will remain of it but Bloodspots on ","exact":"her","suffix":" bright white sheets Like stubborn flags. If she","offset":41461,"length":3},{"detection":"[her bright white sheets Like stubborn flags. If ]she[ let this grow it would Cripple both of them.]","prefix":"her bright white sheets Like stubborn flags. If ","exact":"she","suffix":" let this grow it would Cripple both of them.","offset":41509,"length":3},{"detection":"[by the fall-out. It would want to die for ]her[. Kamikaze pilot. A noble death. It's karaoke!]","prefix":"by the fall-out. It would want to die for ","exact":"her","suffix":". Kamikaze pilot. A noble death. It's karaoke!","offset":41615,"length":3},{"detection":"[and practicality Are squatting like sumos on ]her[ mind, And this rising sun holds no promise, For]","prefix":"and practicality Are squatting like sumos on ","exact":"her","suffix":" mind, And this rising sun holds no promise, For","offset":41799,"length":3},{"detection":"[mind, And this rising sun holds no promise, For ]she[ will attack at herself at dawn And there will be]","prefix":"mind, And this rising sun holds no promise, For ","exact":"she","suffix":" will attack at herself at dawn And there will be","offset":41851,"length":3},{"detection":"[herself at dawn And there will be No surrender. ]She[ will slit herself open. Watch it and her]","prefix":"herself at dawn And there will be No surrender. ","exact":"She","suffix":" will slit herself open. Watch it and her","offset":41918,"length":3},{"detection":"[She will slit herself open. Watch it and ]her[ intestines slip out In the light of a Samurai]","prefix":"She will slit herself open. Watch it and ","exact":"her","suffix":" intestines slip out In the light of a Samurai","offset":41959,"length":3},{"detection":"[ person. It was 2 am on their first date, He took ]her[ to the derelict hospital, its gutted wing was]","prefix":" person. It was 2 am on their first date, He took ","exact":"her","suffix":" to the derelict hospital, its gutted wing was","offset":42713,"length":3},{"detection":"[gutted wing was rain drenched; incurable, And ]she[ always knew he would never be her suitor, her]","prefix":"gutted wing was rain drenched; incurable, And ","exact":"she","suffix":" always knew he would never be her suitor, her","offset":42793,"length":3},{"detection":"[ incurable, And she always knew he would never be ]her[ suitor, her cavaliere, wooer, amoroso, his]","prefix":" incurable, And she always knew he would never be ","exact":"her","suffix":" suitor, her cavaliere, wooer, amoroso, his","offset":42827,"length":3},{"detection":"[she always knew he would never be her suitor, ]her[ cavaliere, wooer, amoroso, his tongue ugly]","prefix":"she always knew he would never be her suitor, ","exact":"her","suffix":" cavaliere, wooer, amoroso, his tongue ugly","offset":42839,"length":3},{"detection":"[affair de coeur, grande passion, made ]her[ laugh, But oh, the way he jerked from her touch,]","prefix":"affair de coeur, grande passion, made ","exact":"her","suffix":" laugh, But oh, the way he jerked from her touch,","offset":42998,"length":3},{"detection":"[made her laugh, But oh, the way he jerked from ]her[ touch, as though she'd tried to slip ice-cubes]","prefix":"made her laugh, But oh, the way he jerked from ","exact":"her","suffix":" touch, as though she'd tried to slip ice-cubes","offset":43040,"length":3},{"detection":"[oh, the way he jerked from her touch, as though ]she['d tried to slip ice-cubes down his shirt, hurt]","prefix":"oh, the way he jerked from her touch, as though ","exact":"she","suffix":"'d tried to slip ice-cubes down his shirt, hurt","offset":43061,"length":3},{"detection":"[to slip ice-cubes down his shirt, hurt like ]she[ was chewed up, bitten, smitten, spoony, her gut]","prefix":"to slip ice-cubes down his shirt, hurt like ","exact":"she","suffix":" was chewed up, bitten, smitten, spoony, her gut","offset":43117,"length":3},{"detection":"[ like she was chewed up, bitten, smitten, spoony, ]her[ gut spooned out, iii The more you arch, the more]","prefix":" like she was chewed up, bitten, smitten, spoony, ","exact":"her","suffix":" gut spooned out, iii The more you arch, the more","offset":43161,"length":3},{"detection":"[writhing in slicks of oil, like dying birds, ]She[ drinks the cocktails. Long slow screw. Multiple]","prefix":"writhing in slicks of oil, like dying birds, ","exact":"She","suffix":" drinks the cocktails. Long slow screw. Multiple","offset":43615,"length":3},{"detection":"[Shag. They are embarrassing to ask for, but ]she[ does, though her shy tongue n \n￼would not dare]","prefix":"Shag. They are embarrassing to ask for, but ","exact":"she","suffix":" does, though her shy tongue n \n￼would not dare","offset":43753,"length":3},{"detection":"[embarrassing to ask for, but she does, though ]her[ shy tongue n \n￼would not dare articulate her]","prefix":"embarrassing to ask for, but she does, though ","exact":"her","suffix":" shy tongue n \n￼would not dare articulate her","offset":43770,"length":3},{"detection":"[her shy tongue n \n￼would not dare articulate ]her[ real thirst, There is a scar on Beth's forehead,]","prefix":"her shy tongue n \n￼would not dare articulate ","exact":"her","suffix":" real thirst, There is a scar on Beth's forehead,","offset":43815,"length":3},{"detection":"[made scratching at chicken-pox, I want to give ]her[ everything, Pamela Anderson fucks on a]","prefix":"made scratching at chicken-pox, I want to give ","exact":"her","suffix":" everything, Pamela Anderson fucks on a","offset":43935,"length":3}],"relevance":0.119},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/b4ed188f-d704-3687-8a2a-1f89886383f8":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"tothe head","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[back on with a tear-drop Of seccotine applied ]tothe head[. You wouldn't know there'd been any damage. /]","prefix":"back on with a tear-drop Of seccotine applied ","exact":"tothe head","suffix":". You wouldn't know there'd been any damage. /","offset":36088,"length":10}],"relevance":0.082},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/c96dcad1-b177-3939-83aa-5171ec49f170":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"soft plastic head","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[golden paint! I suffered as the pin pierced my ]soft plastic head[, And unlike them, I cannot make mistakes. An]","prefix":"golden paint! I suffered as the pin pierced my ","exact":"soft plastic head","suffix":", And unlike them, I cannot make mistakes. An","offset":13635,"length":17}],"relevance":0.268},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/b9cd40bb-c377-30fb-ba56-df891f34f298":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"maid","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[turn in the light, and is achingly always her ]maid[. dcue Policed \n￼Butcher, butcher The Butcher's]","prefix":"turn in the light, and is achingly always her ","exact":"maid","suffix":". dcue Policed \n￼Butcher, butcher The Butcher's","offset":7102,"length":4}],"relevance":0.298},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a66aea9d-9a81-3100-92b3-18d45952657e":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Here","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Here","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[day: \"We have a small, frightened blonde girl ]Here[, can someone please come to claim her. Losing]","prefix":"day: \"We have a small, frightened blonde girl ","exact":"Here","suffix":", can someone please come to claim her. Losing","offset":32772,"length":4},{"detection":"[girl Here, can someone please come to claim ]her[. Losing Control \n￼Still Life I have taken up]","prefix":"girl Here, can someone please come to claim ","exact":"her","suffix":". Losing Control \n￼Still Life I have taken up","offset":32811,"length":3},{"detection":"[ like a cry in the night. When you started dating ]her[ I drew spat-out pips, The poisonous berries that]","prefix":" like a cry in the night. When you started dating ","exact":"her","suffix":" I drew spat-out pips, The poisonous berries that","offset":33620,"length":3},{"detection":"[pips, The poisonous berries that grew around ]her[ hips. I daubed maggots in the core of each pink]","prefix":"pips, The poisonous berries that grew around ","exact":"her","suffix":" hips. I daubed maggots in the core of each pink","offset":33685,"length":3},{"detection":"[of Mary and child; On one eye is a supermarket; ]Her[ tongue is weighted with A cathedral, A town]","prefix":"of Mary and child; On one eye is a supermarket; ","exact":"Her","suffix":" tongue is weighted with A cathedral, A town","offset":34734,"length":3},{"detection":"[is weighted with A cathedral, A town hall; ]Her[ mouth is the scar of a derelict road Glittering]","prefix":"is weighted with A cathedral, A town hall; ","exact":"Her","suffix":" mouth is the scar of a derelict road Glittering","offset":34788,"length":3},{"detection":"[never apologised for the delay; Although inside ]she[ screamed like the Brakes when they said: \"You]","prefix":"never apologised for the delay; Although inside ","exact":"she","suffix":" screamed like the Brakes when they said: \"You","offset":34919,"length":3},{"detection":"[line goes no further,\" My reflection moistens ]her[ lips, my lips, Ready to bite down on some city,]","prefix":"line goes no further,\" My reflection moistens ","exact":"her","suffix":" lips, my lips, Ready to bite down on some city,","offset":35041,"length":3},{"detection":"[The first that he caught was a Painted Lady, ]Her[ tawny orange silks convulsing beneath His]","prefix":"The first that he caught was a Painted Lady, ","exact":"Her","suffix":" tawny orange silks convulsing beneath His","offset":35479,"length":3},{"detection":"[He didn't mean to break ]her[ antennaethat time. Stuck them back on with a]","prefix":"He didn't mean to break ","exact":"her","suffix":" antennaethat time. Stuck them back on with a","offset":36008,"length":3},{"detection":"[together. He is an Adonis Blue. The flutter of ]her[ wings Mirrors his heart. Somedays he plucks out]","prefix":"together. He is an Adonis Blue. The flutter of ","exact":"her","suffix":" wings Mirrors his heart. Somedays he plucks out","offset":36257,"length":3},{"detection":"[he plucks out the setting needle, Gestures for ]her[ to fly, free, luxuriating In his own]","prefix":"he plucks out the setting needle, Gestures for ","exact":"her","suffix":" to fly, free, luxuriating In his own","offset":36342,"length":3},{"detection":"[fly, free, luxuriating In his own benevolence. ]She[ does not move. The caterpillars writhe amongst]","prefix":"fly, free, luxuriating In his own benevolence. ","exact":"She","suffix":" does not move. The caterpillars writhe amongst","offset":36396,"length":3}],"relevance":0.24},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/e8e72f6c-42f1-38c7-af38-9d5cf1af4de3":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Holiday","name":"Christmas day","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Holiday","instances":[{"detection":"[ measured? She cried into the bathroom carpet all ]Christmas day[ for that man, and did not count the tears, but]","prefix":" measured? She cried into the bathroom carpet all ","exact":"Christmas day","suffix":" for that man, and did not count the tears, but","offset":47044,"length":13}],"relevance":0.041},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/5a59dc46-916c-36f6-8b57-1518bab5bb8d":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"Queen","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[dreams the toilet flushes. She's irritable as ]a Queen[ Whose gown is made of mosquitoes. An unripe]","prefix":"dreams the toilet flushes. She's irritable as ","exact":"a Queen","suffix":" Whose gown is made of mosquitoes. An unripe","offset":14493,"length":7}],"relevance":0.261},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/4aedd4ae-42a5-3ecb-addb-86bf9e169a55":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Product","name":"Kamikaze","producttype":"Aircraft","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Product","instances":[{"detection":"[by the fall-out. It would want to die for her. ]Kamikaze[ pilot. A noble death. It's karaoke! Everybody in]","prefix":"by the fall-out. It would want to die for her. ","exact":"Kamikaze","suffix":" pilot. A noble death. It's karaoke! Everybody in","offset":41620,"length":8}],"relevance":0.053},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/377e8773-11d4-3f73-936b-c6475fd87826":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"Butcher","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[Zaghruda 5) Burn Brighter 6) The Bridesmaid 7) ]The Butcher['s Cat 8) Keyf 9) Attempt at a Beautiful Poem 10)]","prefix":"Zaghruda 5) Burn Brighter 6) The Bridesmaid 7) ","exact":"The Butcher","suffix":"'s Cat 8) Keyf 9) Attempt at a Beautiful Poem 10)","offset":116,"length":11},{"detection":"[Poem Saved Under Nomad Ice Pet Yed Burn Bride ]Butcher[ Rox Attempt Vale Explosio Angel Reg Break]","prefix":"Poem Saved Under Nomad Ice Pet Yed Burn Bride ","exact":"Butcher","suffix":" Rox Attempt Vale Explosio Angel Reg Break","offset":643,"length":7},{"detection":"[Zaghruda 5) Burn Brighter 6) The Bridesmaid 7) ]The Butcher['s Cat 8) Keyf 9) Attempt at a Beautiful Poem 10)]","prefix":"Zaghruda 5) Burn Brighter 6) The Bridesmaid 7) ","exact":"The Butcher","suffix":"'s Cat 8) Keyf 9) Attempt at a Beautiful Poem 10)","offset":894,"length":11},{"detection":"[ always her maid. dcue Policed \n￼Butcher, butcher ]The Butcher['s Cat Hack me some meat. Our poor cat is weak]","prefix":" always her maid. dcue Policed \n￼Butcher, butcher ","exact":"The Butcher","suffix":"'s Cat Hack me some meat. Our poor cat is weak","offset":7140,"length":11}],"relevance":0.318},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/67af1ed4-fb33-327d-99d3-1ad0c2ab5c77":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"cracked back chair","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[\n￼I order a pint for a pound, Sit on ]a cracked back chair[ and Begin to get intoxicated. My ex is here]","prefix":"\n￼I order a pint for a pound, Sit on ","exact":"a cracked back chair","suffix":" and Begin to get intoxicated. My ex is here","offset":18018,"length":20}],"relevance":0.23},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/181ddcfa-0e5b-396b-8002-1d749cbab211":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"guard","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[stink of nothing. They no more speak truth Than ]the guard[ with his slit tongue. The difference is that]","prefix":"stink of nothing. They no more speak truth Than ","exact":"the guard","suffix":" with his slit tongue. The difference is that","offset":9191,"length":9}],"relevance":0.292},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/bf7a5040-f05a-3176-8969-c2790ec90f7a":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Prodigy","persontype":"entertainment","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Prodigy","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[- And they've started playing That terrible ]Prodigy[ song, You know, the one that goes: \"I've got the]","prefix":"- And they've started playing That terrible ","exact":"Prodigy","suffix":" song, You know, the one that goes: \"I've got the","offset":26386,"length":7},{"detection":"[me instead - What a sadistic jerk! Right now ]he['s sat in Heaven 'vn On a fluffy white bean-bag,]","prefix":"me instead - What a sadistic jerk! Right now ","exact":"he","suffix":"'s sat in Heaven 'vn On a fluffy white bean-bag,","offset":29405,"length":2},{"detection":"[And probably a fag, Tears rolling down ]his[ long beard As his belly shakes with mirth.]","prefix":"And probably a fag, Tears rolling down ","exact":"his","suffix":" long beard As his belly shakes with mirth.","offset":29531,"length":3},{"detection":"[a fag, Tears rolling down his long beard As ]his[ belly shakes with mirth. Laughing his huge heart]","prefix":"a fag, Tears rolling down his long beard As ","exact":"his","suffix":" belly shakes with mirth. Laughing his huge heart","offset":29549,"length":3},{"detection":"[beard As his belly shakes with mirth. Laughing ]his[ huge heart out At the joke I've been from birth.]","prefix":"beard As his belly shakes with mirth. Laughing ","exact":"his","suffix":" huge heart out At the joke I've been from birth.","offset":29587,"length":3},{"detection":"[by the wind, And the rank grasses caressed ]his[ shins, Juices bleeding and soaking. He observed]","prefix":"by the wind, And the rank grasses caressed ","exact":"his","suffix":" shins, Juices bleeding and soaking. He observed","offset":35263,"length":3},{"detection":"[ caressed his shins, Juices bleeding and soaking. ]He[ observed butterflies, Those gaudy icari, Dumbly]","prefix":" caressed his shins, Juices bleeding and soaking. ","exact":"He","suffix":" observed butterflies, Those gaudy icari, Dumbly","offset":35303,"length":2},{"detection":"[The terrible dark plunge. The first that ]he[ caught was a Painted Lady, Her tawny orange]","prefix":"The terrible dark plunge. The first that ","exact":"he","suffix":" caught was a Painted Lady, Her tawny orange","offset":35449,"length":2},{"detection":"[Lady, Her tawny orange silks convulsing beneath ]His[ thick-fingered hand, spasms melting to calm.]","prefix":"Lady, Her tawny orange silks convulsing beneath ","exact":"His","suffix":" thick-fingered hand, spasms melting to calm.","offset":35521,"length":3},{"detection":"[hand, spasms melting to calm. Later, ]he[ learnt to make a net from nylon Curtain fabric,]","prefix":"hand, spasms melting to calm. Later, ","exact":"he","suffix":" learnt to make a net from nylon Curtain fabric,","offset":35577,"length":2},{"detection":"[Softly as backhanded compliments. Recently ]he[ has been murdering the rainbow - He has a Red]","prefix":"Softly as backhanded compliments. Recently ","exact":"he","suffix":" has been murdering the rainbow - He has a Red","offset":35720,"length":2},{"detection":"[Recently he has been murdering the rainbow - ]He[ has a Red Admiral, An Orange Tip, A Green]","prefix":"Recently he has been murdering the rainbow - ","exact":"He","suffix":" has a Red Admiral, An Orange Tip, A Green","offset":35756,"length":2},{"detection":"[An Orange Tip, A Green Hairstreak. Desperately, ]he[ aches for the Pale Clouded Yellow Dreams every]","prefix":"An Orange Tip, A Green Hairstreak. Desperately, ","exact":"he","suffix":" aches for the Pale Clouded Yellow Dreams every","offset":35826,"length":2}],"relevance":0.188},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/898d26bd-2eb5-3eb1-a224-10142d245bde":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"head for the club","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[In his pocket for a spare condom. At ten we ]head for the club[. It's symbolically underground. \n￼I order a pint]","prefix":"In his pocket for a spare condom. At ten we ","exact":"head for the club","suffix":". It's symbolically underground. \n￼I order a pint","offset":17931,"length":17}],"relevance":0.232},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/6c8d4d6b-9026-39f0-8967-42d22a408453":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"bank","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[ pink cell Inside the cheek of a goddess. / \n￼The ]bank[ is all sluggish veined marble, Silence and]","prefix":" pink cell Inside the cheek of a goddess. / \n￼The ","exact":"bank","suffix":" is all sluggish veined marble, Silence and","offset":31772,"length":4}],"relevance":0.103},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/31b75cfe-edbb-33e4-b120-c87d30a15d76":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Facility","name":"The Heavy Petting Zoo","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Facility","instances":[{"detection":"[Last \n￼1) Nomad 2) Everything Ends in Ice 3) ]The Heavy Petting Zoo[ 4) Zaghruda 5) Burn Brighter 6) The Bridesmaid]","prefix":"Last \n￼1) Nomad 2) Everything Ends in Ice 3) ","exact":"The Heavy Petting Zoo","suffix":" 4) Zaghruda 5) Burn Brighter 6) The Bridesmaid","offset":822,"length":21}],"relevance":0.305},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/6361a431-3222-331b-93cf-c163b3cb0c26":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Whose","persontype":"political","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Whose","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[the toilet flushes. She's irritable as a Queen ]Whose[ gown is made of mosquitoes. An unripe gecko]","prefix":"the toilet flushes. She's irritable as a Queen ","exact":"Whose","suffix":" gown is made of mosquitoes. An unripe gecko","offset":14501,"length":5},{"detection":"[ - she had nightmares. The receptionist thinks of ]his[ two mud rooms, The way his daughter begged a]","prefix":" - she had nightmares. The receptionist thinks of ","exact":"his","suffix":" two mud rooms, The way his daughter begged a","offset":15386,"length":3},{"detection":"[thinks of his two mud rooms, The way ]his[ daughter begged a biro Off a stranger, and]","prefix":"thinks of his two mud rooms, The way ","exact":"his","suffix":" daughter begged a biro Off a stranger, and","offset":15413,"length":3},{"detection":"[- And I sneer the sneer of the young and slim. ]He[ could cut his fist on me. The week's blunt]","prefix":"- And I sneer the sneer of the young and slim. ","exact":"He","suffix":" could cut his fist on me. The week's blunt","offset":17551,"length":2},{"detection":"[the sneer of the young and slim. He could cut ]his[ fist on me. The week's blunt misery Dissolves]","prefix":"the sneer of the young and slim. He could cut ","exact":"his","suffix":" fist on me. The week's blunt misery Dissolves","offset":17564,"length":3},{"detection":"[be, Flashing blurred pictures of Her topless. ]Him[ fumbling In his pocket for a spare condom. At]","prefix":"be, Flashing blurred pictures of Her topless. ","exact":"Him","suffix":" fumbling In his pocket for a spare condom. At","offset":17874,"length":3},{"detection":"[ blurred pictures of Her topless. Him fumbling In ]his[ pocket for a spare condom. At ten we head for]","prefix":" blurred pictures of Her topless. Him fumbling In ","exact":"his","suffix":" pocket for a spare condom. At ten we head for","offset":17890,"length":3},{"detection":"[noses, plum hair And nicotine gilded fingers. ]He[ is beautiful, An angel in some lights. He laughs]","prefix":"noses, plum hair And nicotine gilded fingers. ","exact":"He","suffix":" is beautiful, An angel in some lights. He laughs","offset":18194,"length":2},{"detection":"[He is beautiful, An angel in some lights. ]He[ laughs at everyone, And is too clever for this]","prefix":"He is beautiful, An angel in some lights. ","exact":"He","suffix":" laughs at everyone, And is too clever for this","offset":18236,"length":2},{"detection":"[Fingers greasy with lightly salted puppy fat. ]He[ sweats; snorts vodka \u2022 Until his nose bleeds]","prefix":"Fingers greasy with lightly salted puppy fat. ","exact":"He","suffix":" sweats; snorts vodka \u2022 Until his nose bleeds","offset":18339,"length":2},{"detection":"[puppy fat. He sweats; snorts vodka \u2022 Until ]his[ nose bleeds prettily. Laughs some more, then]","prefix":"puppy fat. He sweats; snorts vodka \u2022 Until ","exact":"his","suffix":" nose bleeds prettily. Laughs some more, then","offset":18371,"length":3},{"detection":"[then Makes a pass at me on the stairs. Shit, ]he[ is beautiful, But he only wants me To prove he]","prefix":"then Makes a pass at me on the stairs. Shit, ","exact":"he","suffix":" is beautiful, But he only wants me To prove he","offset":18460,"length":2},{"detection":"[at me on the stairs. Shit, he is beautiful, But ]he[ only wants me To prove he gets what he wants -]","prefix":"at me on the stairs. Shit, he is beautiful, But ","exact":"he","suffix":" only wants me To prove he gets what he wants -","offset":18481,"length":2},{"detection":"[he is beautiful, But he only wants me To prove ]he[ gets what he wants - So I push him away. The]","prefix":"he is beautiful, But he only wants me To prove ","exact":"he","suffix":" gets what he wants - So I push him away. The","offset":18507,"length":2},{"detection":"[But he only wants me To prove he gets what ]he[ wants - So I push him away. The only boy I ever]","prefix":"But he only wants me To prove he gets what ","exact":"he","suffix":" wants - So I push him away. The only boy I ever","offset":18520,"length":2},{"detection":"[me To prove he gets what he wants - So I push ]him[ away. The only boy I ever liked to kiss. It]","prefix":"me To prove he gets what he wants - So I push ","exact":"him","suffix":" away. The only boy I ever liked to kiss. It","offset":18541,"length":3},{"detection":"[proud. I have won. I will learn to live without ]His[ static lips, The warm dark sparks That danced]","prefix":"proud. I have won. I will learn to live without ","exact":"His","suffix":" static lips, The warm dark sparks That danced","offset":18654,"length":3},{"detection":"[The warm dark sparks That danced softly off ]his[ Fingers down my spine. Dizzy with the punch of]","prefix":"The warm dark sparks That danced softly off ","exact":"his","suffix":" Fingers down my spine. Dizzy with the punch of","offset":18715,"length":3},{"detection":"[ joints. From the floor I watch A boy who told me ]he[ thinks I am very attractive - But he's sleeping]","prefix":" joints. From the floor I watch A boy who told me ","exact":"he","suffix":" thinks I am very attractive - But he's sleeping","offset":19088,"length":2},{"detection":"[ who told me he thinks I am very attractive - But ]he['s sleeping with her now. The big commitment -]","prefix":" who told me he thinks I am very attractive - But ","exact":"he","suffix":"'s sleeping with her now. The big commitment -","offset":19125,"length":2},{"detection":"[ And they're caged. Hooked. \n￼Can't wriggle free. ]His[ hair is chilli-red, His eyes fish scales, His]","prefix":" And they're caged. Hooked. \n￼Can't wriggle free. ","exact":"His","suffix":" hair is chilli-red, His eyes fish scales, His","offset":19239,"length":3},{"detection":"[\n￼Can't wriggle free. His hair is chilli-red, ]His[ eyes fish scales, His smile a small boy's. I]","prefix":"\n￼Can't wriggle free. His hair is chilli-red, ","exact":"His","suffix":" eyes fish scales, His smile a small boy's. I","offset":19263,"length":3},{"detection":"[His hair is chilli-red, His eyes fish scales, ]His[ smile a small boy's. I used to get giddy when I]","prefix":"His hair is chilli-red, His eyes fish scales, ","exact":"His","suffix":" smile a small boy's. I used to get giddy when I","offset":19285,"length":3},{"detection":"[a small boy's. I used to get giddy when I saw ]him[ - Now I just feel weighted. Tired. My bones will]","prefix":"a small boy's. I used to get giddy when I saw ","exact":"him","suffix":" - Now I just feel weighted. Tired. My bones will","offset":19341,"length":3},{"detection":"[Lager that hasn't been watered down, A star, ]him[. The poor wish fairies - I am expecting]","prefix":"Lager that hasn't been watered down, A star, ","exact":"him","suffix":". The poor wish fairies - I am expecting","offset":20141,"length":3}],"relevance":0.368},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/5ad4b5a3-764e-3f80-a940-48132cbe03f9":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"City","name":"Bangkok","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/City","instances":[{"detection":"[16) Surrender 17) Light Entertainment 18) ]Bangkok[ 19) Losing Control 20) Still Life 21) Delay 22)]","prefix":"16) Surrender 17) Light Entertainment 18) ","exact":"Bangkok","suffix":" 19) Losing Control 20) Still Life 21) Delay 22)","offset":364,"length":7},{"detection":"[16) Surrender 17) Light Entertainment 18) ]Bangkok[ 19) Losing Control 20) Still Life 21) Delay 22)]","prefix":"16) Surrender 17) Light Entertainment 18) ","exact":"Bangkok","suffix":" 19) Losing Control 20) Still Life 21) Delay 22)","offset":1143,"length":7}],"relevance":0.306,"resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/geo/city/ralg-geo1/23050ebd-f4b9-d555-d9b0-01023556f6a1","name":"Bangkok,Thailand","shortname":"Bangkok","containedbycountry":"Thailand","latitude":"13.75","longitude":"100.4833"}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/111fed24-1a92-3c67-8614-f5dac12c164a":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"kettle-chips","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[a fluffy white bean-bag, With cans of beer and ]kettle-chips[, And probably a fag, Tears rolling down his long]","prefix":"a fluffy white bean-bag, With cans of beer and ","exact":"kettle-chips","suffix":", And probably a fag, Tears rolling down his long","offset":29478,"length":12}],"relevance":0.124},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/8964ae15-cec2-3035-b1a7-197721ed325d":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Angel Song","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Angel Song","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[Poem 10) Valentine 11) Dream of Explosions 12) ]Angel Song[ 13) Registering her Complaint 14) Breakfast Poem]","prefix":"Poem 10) Valentine 11) Dream of Explosions 12) ","exact":"Angel Song","suffix":" 13) Registering her Complaint 14) Breakfast Poem","offset":215,"length":10},{"detection":"[of Explosions 12) Angel Song 13) Registering ]her[ Complaint 14) Breakfast Poem 15) A Friday Night]","prefix":"of Explosions 12) Angel Song 13) Registering ","exact":"her","suffix":" Complaint 14) Breakfast Poem 15) A Friday Night","offset":242,"length":3},{"detection":"[Poem 10) Valentine 11) Dream of Explosions 12) ]Angel Song[ 13) Registering her Complaint 14) Breakfast Poem]","prefix":"Poem 10) Valentine 11) Dream of Explosions 12) ","exact":"Angel Song","suffix":" 13) Registering her Complaint 14) Breakfast Poem","offset":993,"length":10},{"detection":"[ TV running, but little more? CXo-re foLUxrd II \n￼]Angel Song[ This fir-tree point could impale. I balance on]","prefix":" TV running, but little more? CXo-re foLUxrd II \n￼","exact":"Angel Song","suffix":" This fir-tree point could impale. I balance on","offset":13092,"length":10}],"relevance":0.34},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/d920b2cc-12bc-34e1-be7b-066ed7a7cd95":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Organization","name":"US Federal Reserve","nationality":"N/A","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Organization","instances":[{"detection":"[him, drained him, Neutered and tamed him, ]Fed[ him with scraps and with saucers of milk. Yes,]","prefix":"him, drained him, Neutered and tamed him, ","exact":"Fed","suffix":" him with scraps and with saucers of milk. Yes,","offset":7280,"length":3},{"detection":"[ boots squealing on the tiles. He saw the way you ]fed[ that hen with best corn, Gave it a name, and]","prefix":" boots squealing on the tiles. He saw the way you ","exact":"fed","suffix":" that hen with best corn, Gave it a name, and","offset":7662,"length":3}],"relevance":0.3},"http://d.opencalais.com/comphash-1/a1b7f828-a80a-3f52-9aef-90df6c7a1899":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Company","name":"Adidas","nationality":"N/A","resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/company/ralg-tr1r/f7ade77c-a7be-32ae-af77-553dad51167c","score":1,"name":"adidas AG","shortname":"adidas","ticker":"ADSG","symbol":"ADSGn.DE"}],"_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Company","instances":[{"detection":"[They are spilling Newcastle Brown Down their ]Adidas[ three stripe tops And beckoning people Who scare]","prefix":"They are spilling Newcastle Brown Down their ","exact":"Adidas","suffix":" three stripe tops And beckoning people Who scare","offset":27083,"length":6}],"relevance":0.139},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/ebb0a6ac-92fc-359c-8502-dce14e312553":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"poet","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[the blast, The melt, the seconds of brightness. ]The poet[ is an alchemist - Even the most sordid and]","prefix":"the blast, The melt, the seconds of brightness. ","exact":"The poet","suffix":" is an alchemist - Even the most sordid and","offset":5881,"length":8}],"relevance":0.301},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/42b80e7e-c230-374c-9a0d-65c59e8e8530":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"golden paint","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[through my scalp. But I earned that jet of ]golden paint[! I suffered as the pin pierced my soft plastic]","prefix":"through my scalp. But I earned that jet of ","exact":"golden paint","suffix":"! I suffered as the pin pierced my soft plastic","offset":13588,"length":12}],"relevance":0.268},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/26a9a336-b9c6-31bf-b75c-58eaced9d2b0":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"oil-paint crust","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[ and lust. Desire aches a gloss of sweat into the ]oil-paint crust[. At first, plums were nipples full of gold milk;]","prefix":" and lust. Desire aches a gloss of sweat into the ","exact":"oil-paint crust","suffix":". At first, plums were nipples full of gold milk;","offset":33268,"length":15}],"relevance":0.094},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/625c736e-960a-3040-8e0b-b73abd73c093":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"still-sleeping head","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[ingrained mascara bruise. Memories slice up my ]still-sleeping head[, The morning paper does not bring good news .]","prefix":"ingrained mascara bruise. Memories slice up my ","exact":"still-sleeping head","suffix":", The morning paper does not bring good news .","offset":15989,"length":19}],"relevance":0.251},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/5629685b-0758-39d0-ac94-3440718fdb3f":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Beating","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Beating","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[Yellow Dreams every night of its buttery wings ]Beating[ against his face like eyelashes. It]","prefix":"Yellow Dreams every night of its buttery wings ","exact":"Beating","suffix":" against his face like eyelashes. It","offset":35903,"length":7},{"detection":"[ every night of its buttery wings Beating against ]his[ face like eyelashes. It]","prefix":" every night of its buttery wings Beating against ","exact":"his","suffix":" face like eyelashes. It","offset":35919,"length":3},{"detection":"[It isstillthepaintedladyheadoresthough. ]He[ didn't mean to break her antennaethat time.]","prefix":"It isstillthepaintedladyheadoresthough. ","exact":"He","suffix":" didn't mean to break her antennaethat time.","offset":35984,"length":2},{"detection":"[know there'd been any damage. / Even at work, ]he[ finds himself imagining They are in some garden]","prefix":"know there'd been any damage. / Even at work, ","exact":"he","suffix":" finds himself imagining They are in some garden","offset":36159,"length":2},{"detection":"[imagining They are in some garden together. ]He[ is an Adonis Blue. The flutter of her wings]","prefix":"imagining They are in some garden together. ","exact":"He","suffix":" is an Adonis Blue. The flutter of her wings","offset":36220,"length":2},{"detection":"[ an Adonis Blue. The flutter of her wings Mirrors ]his[ heart. Somedays he plucks out the setting]","prefix":" an Adonis Blue. The flutter of her wings Mirrors ","exact":"his","suffix":" heart. Somedays he plucks out the setting","offset":36275,"length":3},{"detection":"[ flutter of her wings Mirrors his heart. Somedays ]he[ plucks out the setting needle, Gestures for her]","prefix":" flutter of her wings Mirrors his heart. Somedays ","exact":"he","suffix":" plucks out the setting needle, Gestures for her","offset":36295,"length":2},{"detection":"[Gestures for her to fly, free, luxuriating In ]his[ own benevolence. She does not move. The]","prefix":"Gestures for her to fly, free, luxuriating In ","exact":"his","suffix":" own benevolence. She does not move. The","offset":36375,"length":3},{"detection":"[ whole new chapter In the grim little pamphlet of ]his[ life, David became Dave, owner of Diesel jeans]","prefix":" whole new chapter In the grim little pamphlet of ","exact":"his","suffix":" life, David became Dave, owner of Diesel jeans","offset":37369,"length":3},{"detection":"[Dave, owner of Diesel jeans and obedient hair. ]His[ record collection was pared down brutally. He]","prefix":"Dave, owner of Diesel jeans and obedient hair. ","exact":"His","suffix":" record collection was pared down brutally. He","offset":37439,"length":3},{"detection":"[His record collection was pared down brutally. ]He[ had anticipated girls with nipples Big as the]","prefix":"His record collection was pared down brutally. ","exact":"He","suffix":" had anticipated girls with nipples Big as the","offset":37486,"length":2},{"detection":"[each day's budget on lager and a twenty deck. ]He['d make mates who could supply him with quality]","prefix":"each day's budget on lager and a twenty deck. ","exact":"He","suffix":"'d make mates who could supply him with quality","offset":37784,"length":2},{"detection":"[a twenty deck. He'd make mates who could supply ]him[ with quality gear, Scrape illicit powders to]","prefix":"a twenty deck. He'd make mates who could supply ","exact":"him","suffix":" with quality gear, Scrape illicit powders to","offset":37817,"length":3},{"detection":"[gear, Scrape illicit powders to lines with ]his[ student union card. Yet here he is, in his]","prefix":"gear, Scrape illicit powders to lines with ","exact":"his","suffix":" student union card. Yet here he is, in his","offset":37877,"length":3},{"detection":"[to lines with his student union card. Yet here ]he[ is, in his bedroom at half past one, Soberly]","prefix":"to lines with his student union card. Yet here ","exact":"he","suffix":" is, in his bedroom at half past one, Soberly","offset":37910,"length":2},{"detection":"[with his student union card. Yet here he is, in ]his[ bedroom at half past one, Soberly wanking to]","prefix":"with his student union card. Yet here he is, in ","exact":"his","suffix":" bedroom at half past one, Soberly wanking to","offset":37920,"length":3},{"detection":"[to distant techno beats, A stale taste in ]his[ mouth. His head swims With the short girl from]","prefix":"to distant techno beats, A stale taste in ","exact":"his","suffix":" mouth. His head swims With the short girl from","offset":38008,"length":3},{"detection":"[techno beats, A stale taste in his mouth. ]His[ head swims With the short girl from geography]","prefix":"techno beats, A stale taste in his mouth. ","exact":"His","suffix":" head swims With the short girl from geography","offset":38019,"length":3},{"detection":"[With the short girl from geography who blanks ]him[. And lying by the papery wall that his groans Of]","prefix":"With the short girl from geography who blanks ","exact":"him","suffix":". And lying by the papery wall that his groans Of","offset":38080,"length":3},{"detection":"[blanks him. And lying by the papery wall that ]his[ groans Of reciprocated pleasure were to cause]","prefix":"blanks him. And lying by the papery wall that ","exact":"his","suffix":" groans Of reciprocated pleasure were to cause","offset":38119,"length":3},{"detection":"[pleasure were to cause disturbance through, ]He[ can hear someone pissing. Nothing is new, It is]","prefix":"pleasure were to cause disturbance through, ","exact":"He","suffix":" can hear someone pissing. Nothing is new, It is","offset":38190,"length":2}],"relevance":0.239},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/d58ef869-b782-31c4-824e-39aac9c318a2":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"City","name":"Jerusalem","resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/geo/city/ralg-geo1/18b80693-df51-8a4f-7da8-3f8b0b661df4","name":"Jerusalem,Israel","shortname":"Jerusalem","containedbycountry":"Israel","latitude":"31.47","longitude":"35.1"}],"_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/City","instances":[{"detection":"[will be no more, I charge you, O daughters of ]Jerusalem[, if ye find my beloved, that ye tell him, that I]","prefix":"will be no more, I charge you, O daughters of ","exact":"Jerusalem","suffix":", if ye find my beloved, that ye tell him, that I","offset":42117,"length":9}],"relevance":0.051},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/197c99d7-246e-3bea-a695-a53f086cfb6c":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"receptionist","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[in another a rat-foetus - she had nightmares. ]The receptionist[ thinks of his two mud rooms, The way his]","prefix":"in another a rat-foetus - she had nightmares. ","exact":"The receptionist","suffix":" thinks of his two mud rooms, The way his","offset":15359,"length":16}],"relevance":0.255},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/f22bbfbf-1b8a-3ce8-8956-47ef96d73de1":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"NaturalFeature","name":"Haunts rivers","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/NaturalFeature","instances":[{"detection":"[with a milky tongue. The anaemic countenance ]Haunts rivers[, office-blocks, mills - Ghost of those who]","prefix":"with a milky tongue. The anaemic countenance ","exact":"Haunts rivers","suffix":", office-blocks, mills - Ghost of those who","offset":34484,"length":13}],"relevance":0.088},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/7f2e0229-51bf-3a94-bb13-54f608c6042f":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Holiday","name":"Halloween","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Holiday","instances":[{"detection":"[And lit trees doused in fuel. You were ]Halloween[-cruel. You let me rot. Now, I'm cold as a]","prefix":"And lit trees doused in fuel. You were ","exact":"Halloween","suffix":"-cruel. You let me rot. Now, I'm cold as a","offset":2463,"length":9}],"relevance":0.304},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/6424a583-35db-383d-b3ce-3703cd1018d1":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"Admiral","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[ he has been murdering the rainbow - He has a Red ]Admiral[, An Orange Tip, A Green Hairstreak. Desperately,]","prefix":" he has been murdering the rainbow - He has a Red ","exact":"Admiral","suffix":", An Orange Tip, A Green Hairstreak. Desperately,","offset":35769,"length":7}],"relevance":0.084},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/39c49339-ef90-384a-b273-30165ba59348":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"ice web","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[shards Of smashed pint mugs That blossom. An ]ice web[. They are vomiting a cocktail Of bitter and bile]","prefix":"shards Of smashed pint mugs That blossom. An ","exact":"ice web","suffix":". They are vomiting a cocktail Of bitter and bile","offset":27507,"length":7}],"relevance":0.136},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/a490a903-5d9c-35fd-9aac-ad8e177d424e":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Facility","name":"A cathedral","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Facility","instances":[{"detection":"[is a supermarket; Her tongue is weighted with ]A cathedral[, A town hall; Her mouth is the scar of a]","prefix":"is a supermarket; Her tongue is weighted with ","exact":"A cathedral","suffix":", A town hall; Her mouth is the scar of a","offset":34762,"length":11}],"relevance":0.087},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/6bbe1e9e-74ba-339a-961c-753ca8fc9b95":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"head for the pub","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[only rain glitters. Air slits up my wrists As I ]head for the pub[. Tottering on thin heels, A cripple. We get a]","prefix":"only rain glitters. Air slits up my wrists As I ","exact":"head for the pub","suffix":". Tottering on thin heels, A cripple. We get a","offset":17040,"length":16}],"relevance":0.241},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/0dd23e74-352a-3a2e-9fdd-21f66b610cfe":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"Butcher , butcher","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[and is achingly always her maid. dcue Policed \n￼]Butcher, butcher[ The Butcher's Cat Hack me some meat. Our poor]","prefix":"and is achingly always her maid. dcue Policed \n￼","exact":"Butcher, butcher","suffix":" The Butcher's Cat Hack me some meat. Our poor","offset":7123,"length":16},{"detection":"[as though it had Called your Mother a slut. ]Butcher, butcher[ I am sick, real sick Of the obscure cuts you]","prefix":"as though it had Called your Mother a slut. ","exact":"Butcher, butcher","suffix":" I am sick, real sick Of the obscure cuts you","offset":7777,"length":16}],"relevance":0.3},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/6fda72fd-105c-39ba-bb79-da95785a249f":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"City","name":"London","resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/geo/city/ralg-geo1/f08025f6-8e95-c3ff-2909-0a5219ed3bfa","name":"London,Greater London,United Kingdom","shortname":"London","containedbystate":"Greater London","containedbycountry":"United Kingdom","latitude":"51.517124","longitude":"-0.106196"}],"_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/City","instances":[{"detection":"[though aware I can't really afford the fare to ]London[. My face is licked on the pane with a milky]","prefix":"though aware I can't really afford the fare to ","exact":"London","suffix":". My face is licked on the pane with a milky","offset":34401,"length":6}],"relevance":0.088},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a29fbf01-6e40-3838-ba49-203b50214775":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Pamela Anderson","persontype":"entertainment","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Pamela Anderson","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[at chicken-pox, I want to give her everything, ]Pamela Anderson[ fucks on a motorbike, iv Here love his golden]","prefix":"at chicken-pox, I want to give her everything, ","exact":"Pamela Anderson","suffix":" fucks on a motorbike, iv Here love his golden","offset":43951,"length":15},{"detection":"[I'm paranoid, forgive me, Do you still love ]her[? Tell me, There's something wrong, Know to know]","prefix":"I'm paranoid, forgive me, Do you still love ","exact":"her","suffix":"? Tell me, There's something wrong, Know to know","offset":44368,"length":3},{"detection":"[cream and purring, Baby's good to me, you know, ]she['s happy as can be, you know, she said so.]","prefix":"cream and purring, Baby's good to me, you know, ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s happy as can be, you know, she said so.","offset":45422,"length":3},{"detection":"[me, you know, she's happy as can be, you know, ]she[ said so. Ironic, how the moon looks like a]","prefix":"me, you know, she's happy as can be, you know, ","exact":"she","suffix":" said so. Ironic, how the moon looks like a","offset":45455,"length":3},{"detection":"[cut, They mean nothing, but he likes to watch ]her[ mouth shape the sounds: scar, molasses, beloved]","prefix":"cut, They mean nothing, but he likes to watch ","exact":"her","suffix":" mouth shape the sounds: scar, molasses, beloved","offset":45881,"length":3},{"detection":"[of marriages were found to end in divorce. ]Her[ love altered where it alteration found, so was]","prefix":"of marriages were found to end in divorce. ","exact":"Her","suffix":" love altered where it alteration found, so was","offset":46828,"length":3},{"detection":"[ love, merely infatuation, a crush. But oh my God ]she[ was crushed utterly, and who can claim to know]","prefix":" love, merely infatuation, a crush. But oh my God ","exact":"she","suffix":" was crushed utterly, and who can claim to know","offset":46932,"length":3},{"detection":"[and who can claim to know how love is measured? ]She[ cried into the bathroom carpet all Christmas day]","prefix":"and who can claim to know how love is measured? ","exact":"She","suffix":" cried into the bathroom carpet all Christmas day","offset":47005,"length":3},{"detection":"[not count the tears, but the wool was sodden, ]Her[ face took the texture of the weave. (Oh, but he]","prefix":"not count the tears, but the wool was sodden, ","exact":"Her","suffix":" face took the texture of the weave. (Oh, but he","offset":47126,"length":3},{"detection":"[texture of the weave. (Oh, but he will suffer, ]she[ tells herself. One day he will wake to find that]","prefix":"texture of the weave. (Oh, but he will suffer, ","exact":"she","suffix":" tells herself. One day he will wake to find that","offset":47191,"length":3},{"detection":"[cellar. One day he will realise the scale of ]her[ worth \n￼and, awestruck, hack off those fingers]","prefix":"cellar. One day he will realise the scale of ","exact":"her","suffix":" worth \n￼and, awestruck, hack off those fingers","offset":47362,"length":3},{"detection":"[awestruck, hack off those fingers which allowed ]her[ to slip through.) To know know know him is to]","prefix":"awestruck, hack off those fingers which allowed ","exact":"her","suffix":" to slip through.) To know know know him is to","offset":47427,"length":3},{"detection":"[questions mean nothing, nothing at all, when ]she[ is close and can almost lick the raw, bitten]","prefix":"questions mean nothing, nothing at all, when ","exact":"she","suffix":" is close and can almost lick the raw, bitten","offset":48451,"length":3}],"relevance":0.193},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/31ec6404-85fe-33f5-af02-cb37fec6b170":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"oil","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[off-white lace, bodies writhing in slicks of ]oil[, like dying birds, She drinks the cocktails.]","prefix":"off-white lace, bodies writhing in slicks of ","exact":"oil","suffix":", like dying birds, She drinks the cocktails.","offset":43592,"length":3}],"relevance":0.049},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/da74dbfc-f3fc-397b-93b0-25115642a515":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Country","name":"Iran","resolutions":[{"id":"http://d.opencalais.com/er/geo/country/ralg-geo1/6f0a7d56-c2cd-7a08-61b1-7eb27bfb562b","name":"Iran","latitude":"33.6803609863","longitude":"51.1688766542"}],"_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Country","instances":[{"detection":"[ our milk then spat it inour faces The other week ]Iran[ was on the news Men mutilated their own flesh]","prefix":" our milk then spat it inour faces The other week ","exact":"Iran","suffix":" was on the news Men mutilated their own flesh","offset":4918,"length":4}],"relevance":0.302},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/48c7d647-8d35-382c-97d0-2fbf5f7d4bb9":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"FUCKING HEAD","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[even exist. It's a big western lie. IT IS IN ]YOUR FUCKING HEAD[. Some people say they are in love every week,]","prefix":"even exist. It's a big western lie. IT IS IN ","exact":"YOUR FUCKING HEAD","suffix":". Some people say they are in love every week,","offset":44853,"length":17}],"relevance":0.045},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/c14241b6-5f57-315c-9d5e-aa617f57bfc1":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Position","name":"head","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Position","instances":[{"detection":"[ him - Not through lust but For the thrill of his ]head[ in your gullet. Blood spurting brightly from his]","prefix":" him - Not through lust but For the thrill of his ","exact":"head","suffix":" in your gullet. Blood spurting brightly from his","offset":23383,"length":4}],"relevance":0.18},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/9ef9d686-f2b9-3b4a-896f-2fccc2126871":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Hara-Kiri It","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Hara-Kiri It","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[24) Fresher 25) Poem for my Future Love 26) ]Hara-kiri[ 27) The Last Love Poem Saved Under Nomad Ice Pet]","prefix":"24) Fresher 25) Poem for my Future Love 26) ","exact":"Hara-kiri","suffix":" 27) The Last Love Poem Saved Under Nomad Ice Pet","offset":569,"length":9},{"detection":"[24) Fresher 25) Poem for my Future Love 26) ]Hara-kiri[ 27) The Last Love Poem \n￼Bury me .in desert]","prefix":"24) Fresher 25) Poem for my Future Love 26) ","exact":"Hara-kiri","suffix":" 27) The Last Love Poem \n￼Bury me .in desert","offset":1288,"length":9},{"detection":"[and smashable in the cups of theirbras, And ]he['s with her somewhere. They're probably mewling]","prefix":"and smashable in the cups of theirbras, And ","exact":"he","suffix":"'s with her somewhere. They're probably mewling","offset":3465,"length":2},{"detection":"[ Yet in your small child's heart you know That if ]he['d called you, you'd have followed him as she]","prefix":" Yet in your small child's heart you know That if ","exact":"he","suffix":"'d called you, you'd have followed him as she","offset":3719,"length":2},{"detection":"[That if he'd called you, you'd have followed ]him[ as she did. As a lamb does, whitely and without]","prefix":"That if he'd called you, you'd have followed ","exact":"him","suffix":" as she did. As a lamb does, whitely and without","offset":3756,"length":3},{"detection":"[talked about love How much she was in it, and ]him[, and what did I think? And the hand which slips]","prefix":"talked about love How much she was in it, and ","exact":"him","suffix":", and what did I think? And the hand which slips","offset":6860,"length":3},{"detection":"[is weak and needs the blood; For you've drained ]him[, drained him, Neutered and tamed him, Fed him]","prefix":"is weak and needs the blood; For you've drained ","exact":"him","suffix":", drained him, Neutered and tamed him, Fed him","offset":7238,"length":3},{"detection":"[ needs the blood; For you've drained him, drained ]him[, Neutered and tamed him, Fed him with scraps and]","prefix":" needs the blood; For you've drained him, drained ","exact":"him","suffix":", Neutered and tamed him, Fed him with scraps and","offset":7251,"length":3},{"detection":"[drained him, drained him, Neutered and tamed ]him[, Fed him with scraps and with saucers of milk.]","prefix":"drained him, drained him, Neutered and tamed ","exact":"him","suffix":", Fed him with scraps and with saucers of milk.","offset":7275,"length":3},{"detection":"[him, drained him, Neutered and tamed him, Fed ]him[ with scraps and with saucers of milk. Yes, you]","prefix":"him, drained him, Neutered and tamed him, Fed ","exact":"him","suffix":" with scraps and with saucers of milk. Yes, you","offset":7284,"length":3},{"detection":"[ scraps and with saucers of milk. Yes, you stroke ]him[ with affectionate fingers; But he saw you SAW]","prefix":" scraps and with saucers of milk. Yes, you stroke ","exact":"him","suffix":" with affectionate fingers; But he saw you SAW","offset":7342,"length":3},{"detection":"[you stroke him with affectionate fingers; But ]he[ saw you SAW that cow In two. He's seen what you]","prefix":"you stroke him with affectionate fingers; But ","exact":"he","suffix":" saw you SAW that cow In two. He's seen what you","offset":7377,"length":2},{"detection":"[fingers; But he saw you SAW that cow In two. ]He['s seen what you do To the other animals,]","prefix":"fingers; But he saw you SAW that cow In two. ","exact":"He","suffix":"'s seen what you do To the other animals,","offset":7409,"length":2},{"detection":"[other animals, butcher-man. On some hot nights ]he['s watched you tip-toe in Fresh from the]","prefix":"other animals, butcher-man. On some hot nights ","exact":"he","suffix":"'s watched you tip-toe in Fresh from the","offset":7485,"length":2},{"detection":"[blood-drenched boots squealing on the tiles. ]He[ saw the way you fed that hen with best corn,]","prefix":"blood-drenched boots squealing on the tiles. ","exact":"He","suffix":" saw the way you fed that hen with best corn,","offset":7643,"length":2},{"detection":"[I have noticed you feel my breast as though ]It[ were a pound of Good turkey. Measuring its]","prefix":"I have noticed you feel my breast as though ","exact":"It","suffix":" were a pound of Good turkey. Measuring its","offset":8234,"length":2},{"detection":"[pear. These mean a lovethat must be silent. Not ]his[ sort of love - A love you share With those]","prefix":"pear. These mean a lovethat must be silent. Not ","exact":"his","suffix":" sort of love - A love you share With those","offset":8891,"length":3},{"detection":"[They no more speak truth Than the guard with ]his[ slit tongue. The difference is that their]","prefix":"They no more speak truth Than the guard with ","exact":"his","suffix":" slit tongue. The difference is that their","offset":9206,"length":3},{"detection":"[surprise anyone to see A maggot squirm out of ]his[ shin. I so wanted to give you a poem that was]","prefix":"surprise anyone to see A maggot squirm out of ","exact":"his","suffix":" shin. I so wanted to give you a poem that was","offset":11044,"length":3},{"detection":"[charms, laughing At every fucking thing that ]he[ says All false hope, Like the card your Mother]","prefix":"charms, laughing At every fucking thing that ","exact":"he","suffix":" says All false hope, Like the card your Mother","offset":11701,"length":2},{"detection":"[hate me. Cry out That I am no better than them, ]It['s just my wings are sprayed old gold And a halo]","prefix":"hate me. Cry out That I am no better than them, ","exact":"It","suffix":"'s just my wings are sprayed old gold And a halo","offset":13476,"length":2},{"detection":"[on them. This bad luck is my own responsibility ]It[ is my own fault, I take all the blame. I vow to]","prefix":"on them. This bad luck is my own responsibility ","exact":"It","suffix":" is my own fault, I take all the blame. I vow to","offset":20257,"length":2},{"detection":"[ - it's sucked sweet sticky. One lad is trying on ]his[ girlfriend's eyeshadow. Having a good laugh. It]","prefix":" - it's sucked sweet sticky. One lad is trying on ","exact":"his","suffix":" girlfriend's eyeshadow. Having a good laugh. It","offset":21154,"length":3},{"detection":"[- Quivering jelly-fish with hysterics. ]He[ suits it - it is glossy purple, A pair of]","prefix":"- Quivering jelly-fish with hysterics. ","exact":"He","suffix":" suits it - it is glossy purple, A pair of","offset":21328,"length":2},{"detection":"[playing hide and seek! A boy approaches, ]he[ is unremarkable, But at least I feel no nausea.]","prefix":"playing hide and seek! A boy approaches, ","exact":"he","suffix":" is unremarkable, But at least I feel no nausea.","offset":22419,"length":2},{"detection":"[But at least I feel no nausea. I may go with ]him[ to enhance My pitiful total of boys kissed so]","prefix":"But at least I feel no nausea. I may go with ","exact":"him","suffix":" to enhance My pitiful total of boys kissed so","offset":22484,"length":3},{"detection":"[senses And loosens your jaw. You want to eat ]him[ - Not through lust but For the thrill of his]","prefix":"senses And loosens your jaw. You want to eat ","exact":"him","suffix":" - Not through lust but For the thrill of his","offset":23334,"length":3},{"detection":"[ eat him - Not through lust but For the thrill of ]his[ head in your gullet. Blood spurting brightly]","prefix":" eat him - Not through lust but For the thrill of ","exact":"his","suffix":" head in your gullet. Blood spurting brightly","offset":23379,"length":3},{"detection":"[in your gullet. Blood spurting brightly from ]his[ warm neck vein, And you'd swallow it like]","prefix":"in your gullet. Blood spurting brightly from ","exact":"his","suffix":" warm neck vein, And you'd swallow it like","offset":23433,"length":3},{"detection":"[ rare-beef pink. Roast hotly with the realisation ]He[ is not cool, or handsome, And his character is]","prefix":" rare-beef pink. Roast hotly with the realisation ","exact":"He","suffix":" is not cool, or handsome, And his character is","offset":24228,"length":2},{"detection":"[ the realisation He is not cool, or handsome, And ]his[ character is dubious - This boy who has his]","prefix":" the realisation He is not cool, or handsome, And ","exact":"his","suffix":" character is dubious - This boy who has his","offset":24261,"length":3},{"detection":"[And his character is dubious - This boy who has ]his[ Salivary glands pumping for you. Who you are]","prefix":"And his character is dubious - This boy who has ","exact":"his","suffix":" Salivary glands pumping for you. Who you are","offset":24305,"length":3},{"detection":"[Macabre, bladdered freak. The one with ]his[ hands On your thighs, your back, The nape of]","prefix":"Macabre, bladdered freak. The one with ","exact":"his","suffix":" hands On your thighs, your back, The nape of","offset":24526,"length":3},{"detection":"[your thighs, your back, The nape of your neck. ]He[ even tries to cop a good Feel up your top - The]","prefix":"your thighs, your back, The nape of your neck. ","exact":"He","suffix":" even tries to cop a good Feel up your top - The","offset":24586,"length":2},{"detection":"[to cop a good Feel up your top - The nerve of ]him[ to think \n￼You are in his league. On his level.]","prefix":"to cop a good Feel up your top - The nerve of ","exact":"him","suffix":" to think \n￼You are in his league. On his level.","offset":24646,"length":3},{"detection":"[top - The nerve of him to think \n￼You are in ]his[ league. On his level. Not too special to touch.]","prefix":"top - The nerve of him to think \n￼You are in ","exact":"his","suffix":" league. On his level. Not too special to touch.","offset":24672,"length":3},{"detection":"[of him to think \n￼You are in his league. On ]his[ level. Not too special to touch. Anyway, I]","prefix":"of him to think \n￼You are in his league. On ","exact":"his","suffix":" level. Not too special to touch. Anyway, I","offset":24687,"length":3},{"detection":"[face, Trying to make me cry boozily, How little ]he[ knows meI I never break, But am strong as]","prefix":"face, Trying to make me cry boozily, How little ","exact":"he","suffix":" knows meI I never break, But am strong as","offset":25083,"length":2},{"detection":"[jumpily with a lad, Legs clenched tightly round ]him[. People stare a bit, giggling, Then give her a]","prefix":"jumpily with a lad, Legs clenched tightly round ","exact":"him","suffix":". People stare a bit, giggling, Then give her a","offset":25456,"length":3},{"detection":"[Oh, she is a wild-child! I look shocked, for ]It[ pays to humour her. See, even drunk I am]","prefix":"Oh, she is a wild-child! I look shocked, for ","exact":"It","suffix":" pays to humour her. See, even drunk I am","offset":25673,"length":2},{"detection":"[He can hear someone pissing. Nothing is new, ]It[ is all just the same but more impersonal. \n￼Poem]","prefix":"He can hear someone pissing. Nothing is new, ","exact":"It","suffix":" is all just the same but more impersonal. \n￼Poem","offset":38235,"length":2},{"detection":"[for second best love. A mundane grow-to-love-]him[ Cosy little rut love. A pizza and a video]","prefix":"for second best love. A mundane grow-to-love-","exact":"him","suffix":" Cosy little rut love. A pizza and a video","offset":38374,"length":3},{"detection":"[romance. I do notwant to be able to look at ]him[ without crying. I do notwant to be able to eat]","prefix":"romance. I do notwant to be able to look at ","exact":"him","suffix":" without crying. I do notwant to be able to eat","offset":38495,"length":3},{"detection":"[crying. I do notwant to be able to eat in ]his[ presence. I do notwant to be fond of his little]","prefix":"crying. I do notwant to be able to eat in ","exact":"his","suffix":" presence. I do notwant to be fond of his little","offset":38549,"length":3},{"detection":"[eat in his presence. I do notwant to be fond of ]his[ little ways Or to have fun ever when he is not]","prefix":"eat in his presence. I do notwant to be fond of ","exact":"his","suffix":" little ways Or to have fun ever when he is not","offset":38590,"length":3},{"detection":"[ fond of his little ways Or to have fun ever when ]he[ is not there. I do not want our meeting to be a]","prefix":" fond of his little ways Or to have fun ever when ","exact":"he","suffix":" is not there. I do not want our meeting to be a","offset":38631,"length":2},{"detection":"[a cute Anecdote to tell our children, Or to buy ]him[ aftershave for Christmas And receive French]","prefix":"a cute Anecdote to tell our children, Or to buy ","exact":"him","suffix":" aftershave for Christmas And receive French","offset":38728,"length":3},{"detection":"[Tears and wounds me. Heals me like new skin. t ]It[ will be a passionate stupid vengeful Breathless]","prefix":"Tears and wounds me. Heals me like new skin. t ","exact":"It","suffix":" will be a passionate stupid vengeful Breathless","offset":39553,"length":2},{"detection":"[in fear, And feel like you're only living when ]he['s near. A love that will make breathing seem]","prefix":"in fear, And feel like you're only living when ","exact":"he","suffix":"'s near. A love that will make breathing seem","offset":40063,"length":2},{"detection":"[time stop dead And the sun burn out. ^5 \n￼When ]he[ touches me my skin will sing. I will become]","prefix":"time stop dead And the sun burn out. ^5 \n￼When ","exact":"he","suffix":" touches me my skin will sing. I will become","offset":40182,"length":2},{"detection":"[charged. I will tremble and ache when ]he[ speaks. I will smile stupidly at his name. I]","prefix":"charged. I will tremble and ache when ","exact":"he","suffix":" speaks. I will smile stupidly at his name. I","offset":40280,"length":2},{"detection":"[ache when he speaks. I will smile stupidly at ]his[ name. I will start crying for no reason. I will]","prefix":"ache when he speaks. I will smile stupidly at ","exact":"his","suffix":" name. I will start crying for no reason. I will","offset":40316,"length":3},{"detection":"[crying for no reason. I will love the smell of ]his[ limbs And the taste of his tears And the sweep]","prefix":"crying for no reason. I will love the smell of ","exact":"his","suffix":" limbs And the taste of his tears And the sweep","offset":40386,"length":3},{"detection":"[love the smell of his limbs And the taste of ]his[ tears And the sweep of the curve of his back And]","prefix":"love the smell of his limbs And the taste of ","exact":"his","suffix":" tears And the sweep of the curve of his back And","offset":40413,"length":3},{"detection":"[ taste of his tears And the sweep of the curve of ]his[ back And the rhythm of his heart And the]","prefix":" taste of his tears And the sweep of the curve of ","exact":"his","suffix":" back And the rhythm of his heart And the","offset":40453,"length":3},{"detection":"[ sweep of the curve of his back And the rhythm of ]his[ heart And the patterns of the pale blue veins on]","prefix":" sweep of the curve of his back And the rhythm of ","exact":"his","suffix":" heart And the patterns of the pale blue veins on","offset":40480,"length":3},{"detection":"[ heart And the patterns of the pale blue veins on ]his[ wrists. I will onlybe able to sleep when he is]","prefix":" heart And the patterns of the pale blue veins on ","exact":"his","suffix":" wrists. I will onlybe able to sleep when he is","offset":40533,"length":3},{"detection":"[on his wrists. I will onlybe able to sleep when ]he[ is holding me. I will talkto him even when he is]","prefix":"on his wrists. I will onlybe able to sleep when ","exact":"he","suffix":" is holding me. I will talkto him even when he is","offset":40578,"length":2},{"detection":"[to sleep when he is holding me. I will talkto ]him[ even when he is not there. I will kisshim so]","prefix":"to sleep when he is holding me. I will talkto ","exact":"him","suffix":" even when he is not there. I will kisshim so","offset":40610,"length":3},{"detection":"[he is holding me. I will talkto him even when ]he[ is not there. I will kisshim so hard my mouth]","prefix":"he is holding me. I will talkto him even when ","exact":"he","suffix":" is not there. I will kisshim so hard my mouth","offset":40624,"length":2},{"detection":"[we will turn to Ash and crumble. I will love ]him[ so much it will be illegal. Dangerous. I might]","prefix":"we will turn to Ash and crumble. I will love ","exact":"him","suffix":" so much it will be illegal. Dangerous. I might","offset":40816,"length":3},{"detection":"[for second best love. A mundane grow-to-love-]him[ Cosy little rut love. A pizza and a video]","prefix":"for second best love. A mundane grow-to-love-","exact":"him","suffix":" Cosy little rut love. A pizza and a video","offset":40944,"length":3},{"detection":"[for the love that I deserve. CLcne Policed. \n￼]Hara-Kiri It[ is as small, complex and compact As a microchip.]","prefix":"for the love that I deserve. CLcne Policed. \n￼","exact":"Hara-Kiri It","suffix":" is as small, complex and compact As a microchip.","offset":41248,"length":12},{"detection":"[Jerusalem, if ye find my beloved, that ye tell ]him[, that I am sick of love. For two years, a doll]","prefix":"Jerusalem, if ye find my beloved, that ye tell ","exact":"him","suffix":", that I am sick of love. For two years, a doll","offset":42164,"length":3},{"detection":"[ beloved person. It was 2 am on their first date, ]He[ took her to the derelict hospital, its gutted]","prefix":" beloved person. It was 2 am on their first date, ","exact":"He","suffix":" took her to the derelict hospital, its gutted","offset":42705,"length":2},{"detection":"[rain drenched; incurable, And she always knew ]he[ would never be her suitor, her cavaliere, wooer,]","prefix":"rain drenched; incurable, And she always knew ","exact":"he","suffix":" would never be her suitor, her cavaliere, wooer,","offset":42809,"length":2},{"detection":"[be her suitor, her cavaliere, wooer, amoroso, ]his[ tongue ugly malt-sticky with Marlborough Lights,]","prefix":"be her suitor, her cavaliere, wooer, amoroso, ","exact":"his","suffix":" tongue ugly malt-sticky with Marlborough Lights,","offset":42870,"length":3},{"detection":"[grande passion, made her laugh, But oh, the way ]he[ jerked from her touch, as though she'd tried to]","prefix":"grande passion, made her laugh, But oh, the way ","exact":"he","suffix":" jerked from her touch, as though she'd tried to","offset":43025,"length":2},{"detection":"[as though she'd tried to slip ice-cubes down ]his[ shirt, hurt like she was chewed up, bitten,]","prefix":"as though she'd tried to slip ice-cubes down ","exact":"his","suffix":" shirt, hurt like she was chewed up, bitten,","offset":43096,"length":3},{"detection":"[out, iii The more you arch, the more access ]he[ has to your breasts and clitoris, and by being]","prefix":"out, iii The more you arch, the more access ","exact":"he","suffix":" has to your breasts and clitoris, and by being","offset":43221,"length":2},{"detection":"[Anderson fucks on a motorbike, iv Here love ]his[ golden shafts employs, here lights His constant]","prefix":"Anderson fucks on a motorbike, iv Here love ","exact":"his","suffix":" golden shafts employs, here lights His constant","offset":44002,"length":3},{"detection":"[ Here love his golden shafts employs, here lights ]His[ constant lamp and waves his purple wings, Did I]","prefix":" Here love his golden shafts employs, here lights ","exact":"His","suffix":" constant lamp and waves his purple wings, Did I","offset":44041,"length":3},{"detection":"[ employs, here lights His constant lamp and waves ]his[ purple wings, Did I say how nice your mouth was?]","prefix":" employs, here lights His constant lamp and waves ","exact":"his","suffix":" purple wings, Did I say how nice your mouth was?","offset":44069,"length":3},{"detection":"[whatever the hell you think you're feeling, ]It[ is socialisation, and wonder-bra adverts, and]","prefix":"whatever the hell you think you're feeling, ","exact":"It","suffix":" is socialisation, and wonder-bra adverts, and","offset":44678,"length":2},{"detection":"[how to catch your man, twenty ways to make ]him[ love you, some people will not change for love,]","prefix":"how to catch your man, twenty ways to make ","exact":"him","suffix":" love you, some people will not change for love,","offset":45225,"length":3},{"detection":"[salt, humid, cut, They mean nothing, but ]he[ likes to watch her mouth shape the sounds: scar,]","prefix":"salt, humid, cut, They mean nothing, but ","exact":"he","suffix":" likes to watch her mouth shape the sounds: scar,","offset":45863,"length":2},{"detection":"[ Her face took the texture of the weave. (Oh, but ]he[ will suffer, she tells herself. One day he will]","prefix":" Her face took the texture of the weave. (Oh, but ","exact":"he","suffix":" will suffer, she tells herself. One day he will","offset":47175,"length":2},{"detection":"[but he will suffer, she tells herself. One day ]he[ will wake to find that loss has kidnapped him,]","prefix":"but he will suffer, she tells herself. One day ","exact":"he","suffix":" will wake to find that loss has kidnapped him,","offset":47218,"length":2},{"detection":"[ day he will wake to find that loss has kidnapped ]him[, and he is gagged and bound in a dark,]","prefix":" day he will wake to find that loss has kidnapped ","exact":"him","suffix":", and he is gagged and bound in a dark,","offset":47263,"length":3},{"detection":"[wake to find that loss has kidnapped him, and ]he[ is gagged and bound in a dark, rat-ridden]","prefix":"wake to find that loss has kidnapped him, and ","exact":"he","suffix":" is gagged and bound in a dark, rat-ridden","offset":47272,"length":2},{"detection":"[and bound in a dark, rat-ridden cellar. One day ]he[ will realise the scale of her worth \n￼and,]","prefix":"and bound in a dark, rat-ridden cellar. One day ","exact":"he","suffix":" will realise the scale of her worth \n￼and,","offset":47333,"length":2},{"detection":"[allowed her to slip through.) To know know know ]him[ is to love love love him and I do. ix By night]","prefix":"allowed her to slip through.) To know know know ","exact":"him","suffix":" is to love love love him and I do. ix By night","offset":47467,"length":3},{"detection":"[To know know know him is to love love love ]him[ and I do. ix By night on my bed I sought him]","prefix":"To know know know him is to love love love ","exact":"him","suffix":" and I do. ix By night on my bed I sought him","offset":47492,"length":3},{"detection":"[him and I do. ix By night on my bed I sought ]him[ whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found]","prefix":"him and I do. ix By night on my bed I sought ","exact":"him","suffix":" whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found","offset":47537,"length":3},{"detection":"[bed I sought him whom my soul loveth: I sought ]him[, but I found him not. In your room, with its]","prefix":"bed I sought him whom my soul loveth: I sought ","exact":"him","suffix":", but I found him not. In your room, with its","offset":47571,"length":3},{"detection":"[whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found ]him[ not. In your room, with its stained duvet, your]","prefix":"whom my soul loveth: I sought him, but I found ","exact":"him","suffix":" not. In your room, with its stained duvet, your","offset":47588,"length":3},{"detection":"[can almost lick the raw, bitten down skin where ]he[ tore the fingernail off with his teeth.]","prefix":"can almost lick the raw, bitten down skin where ","exact":"he","suffix":" tore the fingernail off with his teeth.","offset":48516,"length":2},{"detection":"[down skin where he tore the fingernail off with ]his[ teeth. Whitethroat, skylark, goldfinch, they dip]","prefix":"down skin where he tore the fingernail off with ","exact":"his","suffix":" teeth. Whitethroat, skylark, goldfinch, they dip","offset":48548,"length":3},{"detection":"[me my sin again. \n￼Shantihf shantih, Oh, but ]his[ mouth is the most beautiful thing, xii This was]","prefix":"me my sin again. \n￼Shantihf shantih, Oh, but ","exact":"his","suffix":" mouth is the most beautiful thing, xii This was","offset":49079,"length":3},{"detection":"[This was to be the last love poem, but I love ]him[, and if I say it enough he might love I will]","prefix":"This was to be the last love poem, but I love ","exact":"him","suffix":", and if I say it enough he might love I will","offset":49168,"length":3},{"detection":"[poem, but I love him, and if I say it enough ]he[ might love I will write other love poems - It is]","prefix":"poem, but I love him, and if I say it enough ","exact":"he","suffix":" might love I will write other love poems - It is","offset":49196,"length":2},{"detection":"[is fucking degrading. Stars I have named after ]him[ grind into my skin like crushed glass.]","prefix":"is fucking degrading. Stars I have named after ","exact":"him","suffix":" grind into my skin like crushed glass.","offset":49292,"length":3}],"relevance":0.659},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/175f5654-d576-3c19-8e1e-fa538443ff42":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Holiday","name":"Christmas","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Holiday","instances":[{"detection":"[to. To be deep filled, like a mince pie. Father ]Christmas[, give me wings that work. I am so tired of]","prefix":"to. To be deep filled, like a mince pie. Father ","exact":"Christmas","suffix":", give me wings that work. I am so tired of","offset":14291,"length":9}],"relevance":0.262},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/802b79b5-4058-3df8-81c8-f51610f8b18c":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Clare foUcxnl","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Clare foUcxnl","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[unkissed Beneath the dry, valueless gold. Nomad ]Clare foUcxnl[. I \n￼Everything Ends in Ice The day that I met]","prefix":"unkissed Beneath the dry, valueless gold. Nomad ","exact":"Clare foUcxnl","suffix":". I \n￼Everything Ends in Ice The day that I met","offset":2002,"length":13},{"detection":"[My longing for you grew. Always knew you loved ]her[, Yet got grazed climbing trees As you swarmed me]","prefix":"My longing for you grew. Always knew you loved ","exact":"her","suffix":", Yet got grazed climbing trees As you swarmed me","offset":2261,"length":3},{"detection":"[birthday party. That's 8 hamster lives, and yet ]she[ still wasn't wise enough To realise it would]","prefix":"birthday party. That's 8 hamster lives, and yet ","exact":"she","suffix":" still wasn't wise enough To realise it would","offset":2769,"length":3},{"detection":"[in the cups of theirbras, And he's with ]her[ somewhere. They're probably mewling cutely at]","prefix":"in the cups of theirbras, And he's with ","exact":"her","suffix":" somewhere. They're probably mewling cutely at","offset":3475,"length":3},{"detection":"[probably mewling cutely at each other, Or else ]she['s stripped and pink as a piglet And they're at]","prefix":"probably mewling cutely at each other, Or else ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s stripped and pink as a piglet And they're at","offset":3545,"length":3},{"detection":"[if he'd called you, you'd have followed him as ]she[ did. As a lamb does, whitely and without]","prefix":"if he'd called you, you'd have followed him as ","exact":"she","suffix":" did. As a lamb does, whitely and without","offset":3763,"length":3},{"detection":"[and laughed at the meadows Of soft dark hair on ]her[ limbs We pasted lead on our skin to make us]","prefix":"and laughed at the meadows Of soft dark hair on ","exact":"her","suffix":" limbs We pasted lead on our skin to make us","offset":4426,"length":3},{"detection":"[behind the bride, watch the dip of the lace At ]her[ waist; a brail I could trace with my thumb. The]","prefix":"behind the bride, watch the dip of the lace At ","exact":"her","suffix":" waist; a brail I could trace with my thumb. The","offset":6148,"length":3},{"detection":"[ bouquets, which smell as the skin at the back Of ]her[ neck must, are beautifully done. Violets for]","prefix":" bouquets, which smell as the skin at the back Of ","exact":"her","suffix":" neck must, are beautifully done. Violets for","offset":6249,"length":3},{"detection":"[are beautifully done. Violets for violence. ]Her[ gentlest touch Can bruise me, as I cannot stop]","prefix":"are beautifully done. Violets for violence. ","exact":"Her","suffix":" gentlest touch Can bruise me, as I cannot stop","offset":6308,"length":3},{"detection":"[as I cannot stop my blood From racing to meet ]her[, clamouring to press Against the merest brush of]","prefix":"as I cannot stop my blood From racing to meet ","exact":"her","suffix":", clamouring to press Against the merest brush of","offset":6388,"length":3},{"detection":"[the merest brush of sleeve in a tender flood. ]Her[ ivory straps are biting her back and I long To]","prefix":"the merest brush of sleeve in a tender flood. ","exact":"Her","suffix":" ivory straps are biting her back and I long To","offset":6467,"length":3},{"detection":"[in a tender flood. Her ivory straps are biting ]her[ back and I long To slip fingers between her body]","prefix":"in a tender flood. Her ivory straps are biting ","exact":"her","suffix":" back and I long To slip fingers between her body","offset":6495,"length":3},{"detection":"[her back and I long To slip fingers between ]her[ body and them. I have to clutch hard on the]","prefix":"her back and I long To slip fingers between ","exact":"her","suffix":" body and them. I have to clutch hard on the","offset":6539,"length":3},{"detection":"[hands on rose stems. Roses for the razor ]she[ shaved her calves with This morning; as I]","prefix":"hands on rose stems. Roses for the razor ","exact":"she","suffix":" shaved her calves with This morning; as I","offset":6685,"length":3},{"detection":"[on rose stems. Roses for the razor she shaved ]her[ calves with This morning; as I watched blossoms]","prefix":"on rose stems. Roses for the razor she shaved ","exact":"her","suffix":" calves with This morning; as I watched blossoms","offset":6696,"length":3},{"detection":"[calves with This morning; as I watched blossoms ]she[ dripped in the sink Through steam, as I painted]","prefix":"calves with This morning; as I watched blossoms ","exact":"she","suffix":" dripped in the sink Through steam, as I painted","offset":6748,"length":3},{"detection":"[the sink Through steam, as I painted my nails, ]she[ talked about love How much she was in it, and]","prefix":"the sink Through steam, as I painted my nails, ","exact":"she","suffix":" talked about love How much she was in it, and","offset":6810,"length":3},{"detection":"[ painted my nails, she talked about love How much ]she[ was in it, and him, and what did I think? And]","prefix":" painted my nails, she talked about love How much ","exact":"she","suffix":" was in it, and him, and what did I think? And","offset":6841,"length":3},{"detection":"[did I think? And the hand which slips a ring on ]her[ is not even shaking. It sickens with anger, this]","prefix":"did I think? And the hand which slips a ring on ","exact":"her","suffix":" is not even shaking. It sickens with anger, this","offset":6922,"length":3},{"detection":"[Love now for a year, which knows every colour ]her[ hair Can turn in the light, and is achingly]","prefix":"Love now for a year, which knows every colour ","exact":"her","suffix":" hair Can turn in the light, and is achingly","offset":7043,"length":3},{"detection":"[Can turn in the light, and is achingly always ]her[ maid. dcue Policed \n￼Butcher, butcher The]","prefix":"Can turn in the light, and is achingly always ","exact":"her","suffix":" maid. dcue Policed \n￼Butcher, butcher The","offset":7098,"length":3},{"detection":"[like a gift of myrrh, Or they'll say: \"Who does ]she[ think she is? Tied to the spike as if it is a]","prefix":"like a gift of myrrh, Or they'll say: \"Who does ","exact":"she","suffix":" think she is? Tied to the spike as if it is a","offset":13813,"length":3},{"detection":"[of myrrh, Or they'll say: \"Who does she think ]she[ is? Tied to the spike as if it is a]","prefix":"of myrrh, Or they'll say: \"Who does she think ","exact":"she","suffix":" is? Tied to the spike as if it is a","offset":13823,"length":3},{"detection":"[of trying to rival snowflakes. \n￼Registering ]her[ Complaint A dream holiday, the brochure said,]","prefix":"of trying to rival snowflakes. \n￼Registering ","exact":"her","suffix":" Complaint A dream holiday, the brochure said,","offset":14386,"length":3},{"detection":"[A dream holiday, the brochure said, But in ]her[ dreams the toilet flushes. She's irritable as a]","prefix":"A dream holiday, the brochure said, But in ","exact":"her","suffix":" dreams the toilet flushes. She's irritable as a","offset":14443,"length":3},{"detection":"[said, But in her dreams the toilet flushes. ]She['s irritable as a Queen Whose gown is made of]","prefix":"said, But in her dreams the toilet flushes. ","exact":"She","suffix":"'s irritable as a Queen Whose gown is made of","offset":14474,"length":3},{"detection":"[of mosquitoes. An unripe gecko scurries from ]her[ wrath. The brochure, she is almost sure, did not]","prefix":"of mosquitoes. An unripe gecko scurries from ","exact":"her","suffix":" wrath. The brochure, she is almost sure, did not","offset":14565,"length":3},{"detection":"[gecko scurries from her wrath. The brochure, ]she[ is almost sure, did not Inform her it was]","prefix":"gecko scurries from her wrath. The brochure, ","exact":"she","suffix":" is almost sure, did not Inform her it was","offset":14590,"length":3},{"detection":"[ The brochure, she is almost sure, did not Inform ]her[ it was monsoon season, The dark trees strung up]","prefix":" The brochure, she is almost sure, did not Inform ","exact":"her","suffix":" it was monsoon season, The dark trees strung up","offset":14625,"length":3},{"detection":"[bacon. Scraping filled sausages. Tea. Today ]she[ was hoping to lie on the beach, Aphrodite in]","prefix":"bacon. Scraping filled sausages. Tea. Today ","exact":"she","suffix":" was hoping to lie on the beach, Aphrodite in","offset":14975,"length":3},{"detection":"[lie on the beach, Aphrodite in nylon knickers, ]her[ sweating breasts Strawberry mousses, offending]","prefix":"lie on the beach, Aphrodite in nylon knickers, ","exact":"her","suffix":" sweating breasts Strawberry mousses, offending","offset":15040,"length":3},{"detection":"[the natives. Instead they are registering ]her[ complaint. Butterflies huge as bats flap]","prefix":"the natives. Instead they are registering ","exact":"her","suffix":" complaint. Butterflies huge as bats flap","offset":15133,"length":3},{"detection":"[air. There was a snake In that bottle of wine, ]she[ tells Them, And in another a rat-foetus - she]","prefix":"air. There was a snake In that bottle of wine, ","exact":"she","suffix":" tells Them, And in another a rat-foetus - she","offset":15293,"length":3},{"detection":"[she tells Them, And in another a rat-foetus - ]she[ had nightmares. The receptionist thinks of his]","prefix":"she tells Them, And in another a rat-foetus - ","exact":"she","suffix":" had nightmares. The receptionist thinks of his","offset":15339,"length":3},{"detection":"[to transfer out of Paradise. The heat sucks on ]her[ like a cigarette. Her dull eyes dismissing the]","prefix":"to transfer out of Paradise. The heat sucks on ","exact":"her","suffix":" like a cigarette. Her dull eyes dismissing the","offset":15552,"length":3},{"detection":"[The heat sucks on her like a cigarette. ]Her[ dull eyes dismissing the orchids that are]","prefix":"The heat sucks on her like a cigarette. ","exact":"Her","suffix":" dull eyes dismissing the orchids that are","offset":15574,"length":3},{"detection":"[Like invulnerable fireworks in the damp air, ]She[ informs a fellow white there is pressure - A]","prefix":"Like invulnerable fireworks in the damp air, ","exact":"She","suffix":" informs a fellow white there is pressure - A","offset":15675,"length":3},{"detection":"[ salt off the peanuts. My mate's called Kerry And ]she['s game for anything. Slept with three Ouzo-slick]","prefix":" salt off the peanuts. My mate's called Kerry And ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s game for anything. Slept with three Ouzo-slick","offset":17672,"length":3},{"detection":"[this Summer - Sticky one night stands, And ]she['s not ashamed. No, she's proud as can be,]","prefix":"this Summer - Sticky one night stands, And ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s not ashamed. No, she's proud as can be,","offset":17786,"length":3},{"detection":"[one night stands, And she's not ashamed. No, ]she['s proud as can be, Flashing blurred pictures of]","prefix":"one night stands, And she's not ashamed. No, ","exact":"she","suffix":"'s proud as can be, Flashing blurred pictures of","offset":17809,"length":3},{"detection":"[proud as can be, Flashing blurred pictures of ]Her[ topless. Him fumbling In his pocket for a spare]","prefix":"proud as can be, Flashing blurred pictures of ","exact":"Her","suffix":" topless. Him fumbling In his pocket for a spare","offset":17861,"length":3},{"detection":"[I am very attractive - But he's sleeping with ]her[ now. The big commitment - Get them in bed And]","prefix":"I am very attractive - But he's sleeping with ","exact":"her","suffix":" now. The big commitment - Get them in bed And","offset":19144,"length":3},{"detection":"[him. People stare a bit, giggling, Then give ]her[ a round of applause When she comes up for air.]","prefix":"him. People stare a bit, giggling, Then give ","exact":"her","suffix":" a round of applause When she comes up for air.","offset":25501,"length":3},{"detection":"[ giggling, Then give her a round of applause When ]she[ comes up for air. She reddens, but not much, For]","prefix":" giggling, Then give her a round of applause When ","exact":"she","suffix":" comes up for air. She reddens, but not much, For","offset":25530,"length":3},{"detection":"[a round of applause When she comes up for air. ]She[ reddens, but not much, For she loves attention.]","prefix":"a round of applause When she comes up for air. ","exact":"She","suffix":" reddens, but not much, For she loves attention.","offset":25552,"length":3},{"detection":"[ comes up for air. She reddens, but not much, For ]she[ loves attention. Adores a starring role. Oh, she]","prefix":" comes up for air. She reddens, but not much, For ","exact":"she","suffix":" loves attention. Adores a starring role. Oh, she","offset":25583,"length":3},{"detection":"[ she loves attention. Adores a starring role. Oh, ]she[ is a wild-child! I look shocked, for It pays to]","prefix":" she loves attention. Adores a starring role. Oh, ","exact":"she","suffix":" is a wild-child! I look shocked, for It pays to","offset":25632,"length":3},{"detection":"[I look shocked, for It pays to humour ]her[. See, even drunk I am condescending! People]","prefix":"I look shocked, for It pays to humour ","exact":"her","suffix":". See, even drunk I am condescending! People","offset":25691,"length":3},{"detection":"[stare greedily \"Name?\" Through hallowed quiet ]her[ voice Echoes like the tannoy did that day: \"We]","prefix":"stare greedily \"Name?\" Through hallowed quiet ","exact":"her","suffix":" voice Echoes like the tannoy did that day: \"We","offset":32684,"length":3}],"relevance":0.546},"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/33565b1c-a0db-367c-b1d1-3fd80161e4d8":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Person","name":"Or","persontype":"N/A","nationality":"N/A","commonname":"Or","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Person","instances":[{"detection":"[to be a cute Anecdote to tell our children, ]Or[ to buy him aftershave for Christmas And receive]","prefix":"to be a cute Anecdote to tell our children, ","exact":"Or","suffix":" to buy him aftershave for Christmas And receive","offset":38718,"length":2},{"detection":"[knickers in return. To go to the cinema with ]him[ and kiss Mildly on the second to back row. I do]","prefix":"knickers in return. To go to the cinema with ","exact":"him","suffix":" and kiss Mildly on the second to back row. I do","offset":38821,"length":3}],"relevance":0.071},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/c8fb80cf-5714-3dcf-b48c-9d70401c7f4a":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Facility","name":"A town hall","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Facility","instances":[{"detection":"[Her tongue is weighted with A cathedral, ]A town hall[; Her mouth is the scar of a derelict road]","prefix":"Her tongue is weighted with A cathedral, ","exact":"A town hall","suffix":"; Her mouth is the scar of a derelict road","offset":34775,"length":11}],"relevance":0.087},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/c16d75d3-6824-32a7-82c2-b8c266572ee5":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"food","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[nam lasagna basturma At the suk we purchased ]food[ for you with given coins Sari izar veil tarha]","prefix":"nam lasagna basturma At the suk we purchased ","exact":"food","suffix":" for you with given coins Sari izar veil tarha","offset":4192,"length":4}],"relevance":0.302},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/3090567d-81e1-3afa-b194-6083d38b2a1d":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"Technology","name":"Pheromones","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/Technology","instances":[{"detection":"[ posts you I cannot bear this stench Of tuberose, ]Pheromones[, Fingers. To want something Is to know I cannot]","prefix":" posts you I cannot bear this stench Of tuberose, ","exact":"Pheromones","suffix":", Fingers. To want something Is to know I cannot","offset":11800,"length":10}],"relevance":0.282},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/05bb2646-0ab8-3a48-b4eb-d29cfd33ce39":{"_typeGroup":"entities","_type":"IndustryTerm","name":"energy","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/e/IndustryTerm","instances":[{"detection":"[cold I would gasp, Had I the will power Or the ]energy[. A consuming coldness. I am a dead foetus Dunked]","prefix":"cold I would gasp, Had I the will power Or the ","exact":"energy","suffix":". A consuming coldness. I am a dead foetus Dunked","offset":26158,"length":6}],"relevance":0.15},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/4900983e-3394-35c4-9d6a-e2e2724cce8f":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Indictment","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Indictment","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/802b79b5-4058-3df8-81c8-f51610f8b18c","instances":[{"detection":"[of trying to rival snowflakes. \n￼Registering ]her Complaint[ A dream holiday, the brochure said, But in her]","prefix":"of trying to rival snowflakes. \n￼Registering ","exact":"her Complaint","suffix":" A dream holiday, the brochure said, But in her","offset":14386,"length":13},{"detection":"[the natives. Instead they are registering ]her complaint[. Butterflies huge as bats flap clumsily Past the]","prefix":"the natives. Instead they are registering ","exact":"her complaint","suffix":". Butterflies huge as bats flap clumsily Past the","offset":15133,"length":13}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/85b751b0-5fa0-3bf3-bbae-adf4d837b131":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"(Oh, but he will suffer","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a29fbf01-6e40-3838-ba49-203b50214775","instances":[{"detection":"[sodden, Her face took the texture of the weave. ](Oh, but he will suffer, she tells herself.[ One day he will wake to find that loss has]","prefix":"sodden, Her face took the texture of the weave. ","exact":"(Oh, but he will suffer, she tells herself.","suffix":" One day he will wake to find that loss has","offset":47166,"length":43}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/172e8173-a009-3e78-9943-6946f9e45518":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"PersonCareer","careertype":"political","status":"current","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/PersonCareer","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/6361a431-3222-331b-93cf-c163b3cb0c26","position":"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/5a59dc46-916c-36f6-8b57-1518bab5bb8d","instances":[{"detection":"[dreams the toilet flushes. She's irritable as ]a Queen Whose[ gown is made of mosquitoes. An unripe gecko]","prefix":"dreams the toilet flushes. She's irritable as ","exact":"a Queen Whose","suffix":" gown is made of mosquitoes. An unripe gecko","offset":14493,"length":13}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/76119250-bd71-3490-9ea0-478ee1d20a59":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"And in another a rat-foetus - she had nightmares","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/802b79b5-4058-3df8-81c8-f51610f8b18c","instances":[{"detection":"[as the ceiling fan lazily Thumps the still air. ]There was a snake In that bottle of wine, she tells Them, And in another a rat-foetus - she had nightmares.[ The receptionist thinks of his two mud rooms,]","prefix":"as the ceiling fan lazily Thumps the still air. ","exact":"There was a snake In that bottle of wine, she tells Them, And in another a rat-foetus - she had nightmares.","suffix":" The receptionist thinks of his two mud rooms,","offset":15251,"length":107}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/715ec0bd-c4e2-3aa5-84d6-d4d997388b35":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"or necks, kissed to cream and purring, Baby's good to me, you know, she's happy as can be, you know","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/a29fbf01-6e40-3838-ba49-203b50214775","instances":[{"detection":"[ the mirror and do not recognize their own breasts], or necks, kissed to cream and purring, Baby's good to me, you know, she's happy as can be, you know, she said so.[ Ironic, how the moon looks like a contraceptive]","prefix":" the mirror and do not recognize their own breasts","exact":", or necks, kissed to cream and purring, Baby's good to me, you know, she's happy as can be, you know, she said so.","suffix":" Ironic, how the moon looks like a contraceptive","offset":45352,"length":115}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/a54e5d8a-b83f-32a6-b079-3993b3ad3958":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"￼Shantihf shantih, Oh, but his mouth is the most beautiful thing, xii This was to be the last love poem, but I love him, and if I","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/9ef9d686-f2b9-3b4a-896f-2fccc2126871","instances":[{"detection":"[You will destroy me. Give me my sin again. \n]￼Shantihf shantih, Oh, but his mouth is the most beautiful thing, xii This was to be the last love poem, but I love him, and if I say it enough he might love I will write other love poems - It is fucking degrading.[ Stars I have named after him grind into my skin]","prefix":"You will destroy me. Give me my sin again. \n","exact":"￼Shantihf shantih, Oh, but his mouth is the most beautiful thing, xii This was to be the last love poem, but I love him, and if I say it enough he might love I will write other love poems - It is fucking degrading.","suffix":" Stars I have named after him grind into my skin","offset":49052,"length":214}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/18413493-134a-38b3-8550-194f2b4342c8":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Quotation","quote":"All false hope, Like the card your Mother posts you I cannot bear this stench Of tuberose, Pheromones, Fingers","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Quotation","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/9ef9d686-f2b9-3b4a-896f-2fccc2126871","instances":[{"detection":"[swore by. Paper hearts flap in the draught. ]Body language, rose quartz, Spells, charms, laughing At every fucking thing that he says All false hope, Like the card your Mother posts you I cannot bear this stench Of tuberose, Pheromones, Fingers.[ To want something Is to know I cannot have it.]","prefix":"swore by. Paper hearts flap in the draught. ","exact":"Body language, rose quartz, Spells, charms, laughing At every fucking thing that he says All false hope, Like the card your Mother posts you I cannot bear this stench Of tuberose, Pheromones, Fingers.","suffix":" To want something Is to know I cannot have it.","offset":11620,"length":200}]},"http://d.opencalais.com/genericHasher-1/7016f478-4a20-3757-a4a7-841c62b0eee3":{"_typeGroup":"relations","_type":"Indictment","_typeReference":"http://s.opencalais.com/1/type/em/r/Indictment","person":"http://d.opencalais.com/pershash-1/8964ae15-cec2-3035-b1a7-197721ed325d","instances":[{"detection":"[of Explosions 12) Angel Song 13) Registering ]her Complaint[ 14) Breakfast Poem 15) A Friday Night at the End]","prefix":"of Explosions 12) Angel Song 13) Registering ","exact":"her Complaint","suffix":" 14) Breakfast Poem 15) A Friday Night at the End","offset":242,"length":13}]}}